and welcome to the W show we got a great
show lined up for you guys today I
forget what oh yeah right the Great
American firewall is coming for you the
Motion Picture Association wants to
block all Pirates and they have a plan
and it's really going to work this time
yeah
yeah sorry EXC the second one there was
a real cough yeah no I had a no I'm
convincing like that I am an
actor so I can act angry and you can act
sick watch I'm going to seem not
enthused about this next
topic apple is setting its users free
and freedom is scary for them see here
that that part that blate I can tell
very
easily well all I said was that I was an
actor I didn't say I was a good one what
else we got Texas schools Embrace AI
graders oh no is bad no this is really
really is this great everything about it
is bad don't you want this your future
to be evaluated by AI That's good right
that's awesome uh and what the heck is
going on on YouTube what are these these
playables what do they mean yeah why are
they here wait are you asking because
you actually don't know or are you just
reading the headline in our doc nice
I've seen it and I was like huh and then
I just ignored it nice so now I'm going
to learn what it is and you know what I
know it's really early in the show and
normally we run the intro here but uh
just want to do wait where's the where's
the thing oh by the way if you're on
floatplane check out beta. flat.com
there's a reacton version of the site
and there won't be a significant amount
of change for you but we need some
feedback on it because it's it's likely
some things are uh not perfect so we
need to fix them before they go left but
this is really important before we run
the intro this is worth breaking the
format for pre-sales for this year's
limited edition Terry Fox run shirt
they're now live you can get them at
Terry fox.org all proceeds support
cancer research that is research for how
to uh get rid of cancer not not for not
for like upgrading it um registration
for the 2024 Terry Fox run will open on
April 12th and it will take place across
Canada on September 15th this is a super
cool cause Terry Fox is a national hero
um and if you're aware of him and you're
not Canadian then he's your hero too
because he's actually that amazing um so
Terry Fox org guys check it out no
matter what if you don't want the shirt
for whatever reason they they can take
direct donations as well y so Terry
fox.org check that out let's roll that
intro
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by ag1
Ridge and vessie should we jump right
into our headline topic here yes good
what is it oh yes the CEO of the Motion
Picture Association told a
Convention of theater owners that the
organization is planning to work with
the United States Congress on
legislation to require American isps to
block piracy related websites
with all the other stuff that they have
to work on like the cost of insulin I'm
sure this is a top priority and oh wait
uh okay hm this might have a chance the
proposed legislation would allow
copyright holders to petition a judge to
block a given site CEO Charles rivkin
claimed that piracy steals hundreds of
thousands of jobs from workers and tens
of billions of dollars from their
economy including more than 1 billion in
the electrical ticket sales in the
United States both tech companies and
internet advocacy groups have warned
that this proposed framework is likely
to lead to overlocking of lawful content
yeah which is what wound up undermining
the stop online piracy act soapa over a
decade ago so our discussion question
here is is this going to work
um I I honestly don't necessarily feel
like it would work even if it does go
through they have to petition individual
sites let just spin up another one well
Luke I mean here's here's the the domain
is unimportant here's the question
though what is this going to do that
couldn't already be blocked with a
VPN couldn't already be worked around do
you yeah exactly like what is this going
cuz Okay already already if you download
a copyrighted work okay look I'm just
going to I'm going to come out and say
it we were doing some video on emulating
something and it was more convenient for
me to just download a Final Fantasy
Tactics ISO than to rip it so I did and
I didn't have my VPN on actually did
this at work um and we got a notice we
got a we got a notice from our internet
service provider where the the rights
holder I don't actually was it Final
Fantasy Tactics I don't remember it was
it was something that was why does he do
this from my point of view not morally
an issue why does he do these things I
just because they're I will never know
it it's not a moral issue to me to
download why you do on the work
oh I was so lazy I didn't have my VPN
installed but don't do that work Network
I know but look Luke it this was like
years ago okay you you weren't even
working here all right now I don't care
yeah it wasn't Rec anyway the point is
this was like weeks ago I was like what
are you talking about the point is I
don't personally consider it a problem
to download a copy of a game that I own
I don't care yeah I don't care and from
my point of view you can tell me all day
that I only own a license to use the
game in its exact form and on the exact
device that I don't I actually don't
care about any of that um so anyway I
own the game from my point of view and I
will download it if I feel like it but I
got a notice um from my ISP that the
dmca rights holders blah blah blah had
notified them that they forwarded it
there's no actual punishment here uh
they can't actually do anything they
can't turn off your internet or anything
like that but they already know um what
is this exactly going to do how how are
you going to enforce this unless you
basically do you know back to our sort
of our our title for this unless you
actually do create like an
authoritarian internet censorship system
yeah yeah like just blocking a website
tools for it you know yeah just well
here's a question for you I mean what
are the odds that the American
government basically already has it and
is kind of ready to actually I don't
know if they're that
organized never mind I take it
back I mean they can see sites and they
they they could make this type of stuff
happen but like the but it's slow yes
and it's not really it's not really very
effective and that's why especially on a
larger scale that's why instead of going
after them one by one and trying to get
the trying to go after the um trying to
go after the companies that are
providing them hosting or trying to go
after their domain registar or trying to
go that's why instead of trying to go
after them in in all these ways to get
the site actually taken down they're
trying to Simply block users access to
it but my point with my story was that
if you pirate content you probably are
already using a VPN
anyway what difference will this make
unless they fundamentally change the way
that internet access Works in North
America I mean there's also stuff like
uh I don't know if you've gotten to this
line yet maybe you have uh CEO Charles
rivkin claimed that piracy steals
100,000 jobs including 1 billion
theatrical ticket sales like
No And there there's there's there's all
these arguments like I find it pretty
interesting of companies on Steam steam
has a very good and robust Regional
pricing Tool uh and and companies are
finding like they'll they'll see a lot
of piracy in a single area maybe
wondering how they do that you look at
like language in the discussion of the
thing um and then they'll adjust the
pricing in that area to be more
reasonable like maybe your take-home is
significantly lower your cost of living
significantly higher you don't have the
spending money to buy something in the
equivalency of American dollars of
whatever it's supposed to be they make
it cheaper piracy drops off like a rock
people are saying L Brazil Luke Brazil
yeah there's a lot of examples pirate
software has a video on on him reducing
the cost of his game in Brazil
specifically piracy shot down and his
sales in that country went way up
because it's it's not that necessarily
people want to pirate in order to
effectively steal something from a
company it's often that that thing is
not super attainable either you can't
get it very easily or it costs too much
and it's like well right now with 10
billion different streaming
services acquiring video content can be
really annoying and to be clear I also
don't buy the argument that there is
zero impact I'm sorry but there are
people for whom they just aren't paying
because they just if they don't have to
they'd rather not but they could afford
to um so as usual with any argument the
truth is somewhere in the middle is this
stealing hundreds of thousands of jobs
well you know what I don't know
worldwide gee man that's a lot like how
many how many bloody how many yeah how
do you even quantify that also also
where is your where is your hand ringing
when
you know you've got AI encroaching on
the industry from every side ah yes
let's please use that as much as
possible and like one of the issues that
I have with this is I'm assuming that
there's some equivalency of amount of
times that something was pirated to the
amount of money that you lost but it
just doesn't work that way like when I
was a kid pirating games I was not going
to buy it if you made piracy piracy
impossible there just would have been no
sale I just would not have played that
game there was no not give take everyone
is like that though either I know but I
do think I pired games I could have
afforded to buy when I was young think
it's would you have bought them if you
couldn't have pired it um I think in a
lot of cases probably no I'm trying to
think it's been a very long time and I
don't really remember here's something
that I always found kind of uh
interesting about my own habits was that
if I pirated a game I tended not to
really play it very much and I don't
know what it is like we've talked about
this on the show before how like when I
when when we were
kids pretty much everyone that I knew
had no had somewhere between two and oh
man I'm trying to think like five or six
games for their console total yeah like
we did not have if someone if I went to
someone's house and they had like 10 or
20 Nintendo games oh you're a rich I was
like
whoa like damn there's some money here
yeah um and we played those games oh
over and over and over and over and over
again and for
me piracy was like this it it became
like uh like it was almost like my first
exposure to kind of one of the problems
with gaming now is that there's too many
options so many options and such a
finite amount of time that you can't
possibly hope to enjoy them all um I
don't I don't think I can think of a
game that I actually played for a
substantial amount of of time that I
pirated and then never ultimately bought
bought yeah um so those aren't lost
sales either like I obviously there are
going to be lost sales from piracy but
saying that you can try to quantify it
is like what I don't know where are you
getting this $1 billion doll in
Theatrical ticket sales cuz I have a
major doubt on that
one I mean it's not that much in the
grand scheme of things I mean when a
single movie will do a billion dollars
in ticket sales from time to time I mean
it's not like they're saying oh yeah
we're we're selling half as many tickets
as we would have if uh um if piracy
wasn't a thing or whatever else I think
they I that actually if they were saying
a billion more tickets obviously we'd
have to say strong doubt they're saying
tens of billions of dollars from our
economy including more than one billion
in ticket sales the only reason why they
said ticket sales is because it's the
theater owners organization uh but
they're saying tens of billions of
dollars from the economy I just don't
believe
that I've a really hard time without any
sources cited believing tens of billions
of dollars would show up in the American
economy if they somehow deleted piracy I
don't see it happening I think the
bigger issue for me is that we haven't
really oh man yeah that's a tough one
because you know at other points on this
show we've talked about how the media
production industry is obviously in in
trouble right now oh it's in huge
trouble but when you when you kind of
dig down and try and figure out okay
like you know what is the trouble where
is it coming from um it seems to be from
a lack of of of truly creative
Innovative content right like the mariz
of everything when you look at what
happened I mean and it's funny because
um the examples I'm about to use of of
something that that broke out of the the
doldrums that the movie industry is in
are both huge IPS right like the Super
Mario movie and Barbie right um but I
think that showed that there's
absolutely an appetite the problem with
this is that the problem with this whole
argument and man I'm going to be in
trouble for a hot take here um the
problem with this argument that you've
stolen hundreds of thousands of jobs
from workers is that I don't think that
right now there is a um there is a a
Content Volume problem when it comes to
lowquality garbage that people don't
want to watch anyway I think the content
problem that we have is innovative
exciting content yeah and no offense but
you are not hiring those hundreds of
thousands of people yeah in your
hypothetical scenario where there is no
piracy and you have way more fighting
really hard to not hire them how many
actual like directors have financially
successful F you know let's say more
than three financially successful movies
under their belt and it's going to be
this is a number that's going to be in
the dozens or hundreds not the thousands
tens of thousands or hundreds of
thousands and obviously there's more
than a director that just works on a
movie but my point is just how small
that tip of the iceberg of what we see
at Hollywood is the the the ones that
break out the ones that are super
successful versus the ones that um are
just working on yet another reality TV
show like are you telling me that if you
had more movie ticket sales you would
stop making you know just stupid random
reality TV series and you would you
would you just be incentivized more you
take a home run swing at at a movie I I
don't know man I don't know if I buy
it yeah I just the the argument stinks
in my
opinion I'm not I'm not saying like raw
raw piracy or anything I just think a
lot of the arguments around it are
um very
sensationalized I think I'm sure there's
a financial impact to the
industry
um I think in in my opinion the movie
industry in general has always had a
like acquisition issue movies and TV
shows like how do I get this thing what
Temporary Service do I have to subscribe
to to be able to watch it I can't get a
permanent copy at all anymore that's the
biggest problem for me right now yeah
like there's so many issues with that
I I could not really understand what the
point of piracy was during the golden
days of Netflix yeah totally agreed I'm
pretty sure we talked on wancho about
like you know putting the hat in the
closet cuz like there's no reason right
now I now it's strongly coming back out
obviously they don't have hard numbers
on this but I was reading a different
article um not the one that was about
this recently
that um figured based on some number
that someone pulled out of their butt
somewhere that piracy was up about 12%
year overy year um and this is this is
in America not surprised at all it
doesn't surprise me one bit I am simply
not going to subscribe to Disney plus
and Amazon Prime and Netflix and Hulu
and Paramount plus and whatever the HBO
one is called now I I was sitting here
trying to think of what his name was I
don't care I don't know I don't care oh
yeah it's ridiculous no I haven't seen
Game of Thrones yeah because you don't
have the thing well it's also because I
don't want to until he's done writing
the books but I just mean I I don't
think I've seen it I don't think I've
seen an HBO show
since are saying crave Max is oh HBO Max
yeah Max that's right CRA the one with
letter Kenny crave crave licenses HBO
shows in Canada yeah crave crave has
letter Kenny which is great but then I I
don't want anything else on crave so
it's just like I guess I'll subscribe
and then try to binge watch it really
hard and then leave like I want to just
buy it culus says LOL poor line is he's
going to die before that book is done
are is that a threat are you threatening
me I'm kidding I know he means George AR
Martin I just what am I not allowed to
pretend to misunderstand things
no okay oh I can buy the D they're just
DVDs what's a DVD letter KY oh okay cool
but I want Blu-rays whatever just use AI
upscaling got is that good I haven't
done it it's getting pretty good um no I
wouldn't say that you can go to 480p and
or from 480p and it'll be a great
experience um if you've got at least a
720p Source it's looking pretty good on
a 1080p Source 4K
is like why bother yeah um one thing
that's not there yet is the SDR to HDR
up conversion but I like seeing where
nvidia's at with that today right seeing
where they started with upscaling in
games and where they are now oh yeah
yeah I think we're headed in in a give
them a few more years
and uh if they ever finally release a
new Shield Pro um so some more Hardware
give them a few more years and some more
hardware and I am I am pretty stoked on
where I think we're going to be with
just being able to enjoy whatever copy
of a piece of media you happen to own at
whatever resolution and color space you
want obviously it would be better to
have a human do it properly and the
definitive piece of or like the
definitive version of that content is
probably going to be that but I think
that Ai upscaling and AI SDR to HDR
conversion is going to be good enough
for most people um with that said a lot
of the time the newer grade is not
necessarily better people are apparently
like super poed about uh aliens' Blu-ray
4K Blu-ray release oh yeah something
something it's it's more of it's more of
like the film buff type stuff than what
I think the average person would care
about but it's pretty common not just to
get like you know the the Star Wars or
or ET effect where you know digitally
remove guns or you know who shot first
or whatever else right it's it's it's
not all that kind of thing um sometimes
it's just like oh yeah they they didn't
go back to the original um film like
they they didn't restore it they just
took uh some some other um master and
just kind of you know I don't know
applied an upscaling filter and then
sharpened it and then res softened it to
make it kind of look like it was higher
res um so I I don't know exactly what
happened
with uh aliens let's see if anyone is
yeah it looks like this is something
that hasn't really made its way outside
of you know r/ Blu-ray or whatever the
the Blu-ray Enthusiast subreddit is I
don't even remember anymore
but uh some some people are definitely
mad about
it oh yeah okay someone said the Matrix
had some mastering issues where they got
rid of the green and blue tints and that
that's the kind of thing that can happen
accidentally if someone's working on and
I don't know if that's what happened in
that case but that's something that can
happen accidentally if the people
working on the the remaster don't
understand or remember the original
intent for why it was graded in that
particular way
and I I was spending some Googling
trying to figure out how to get shy and
letter Kenny which is the two shows from
the same group that are highly related
same Universe um and and a lot of the
responses are like yeah super annoying
you just have to like actively be
subscribed to Crave bu the junky DVDs
or insert what you can assume right and
it's like yeah
why why can't I just get a high quality
version that I can watch whenever I want
I don't want to binge they have like
eight seasons of letter candy and like
multiple seasons of shorts no I don't
want to have a financial incentive to
subscribe for one month and then just
dgen super hard and watch all of this in
one month and then shut it off
like just let me own the copies in
decent
quality and I've been pretty firm that
I'm not going to buy any copy of a movie
or TV show that is Reliant upon a
service staying up and we are already
seeing that prediction of mine that
anything that you buy from a web shop
that is Reliant upon accessing it
through that web shop authorizing or
anything like you do not own yeah
they'll take it down they'll edit it
they'll change they'll get acquired it
doesn't matter so this is one of those
things where guys to be clear I mean I
think that you've heard my stance on
piracy enough times um does it have does
it have harms um yeah I mean I don't
think there's any question of that is it
as easy to quantify as uh Executives
will make it sound when they're doing a
little presentation to their little
industry
buddies no are we telling you never do
it or you're a bad person for doing it
no we're not doing that either we're
just telling you you know consider
consider the impact that's that's all I
say um and also good luck MPA you're are
going to have to fundamentally shift the
North American the the Western
philosophy of the internet in order to
make this work and I really just don't
think it's going to happen yeah it might
be time to dust the hats off if you
don't have one you can get it to the
store funny joke I'm trying to have
plausible deniability that I'm not
telling people to become Pirates really
yeah and your way of doing that was
telling them they way to go way to go
where did you even go what did you where
where I just closed it oh you closed it
yeah so your sorry your way was to tell
them to buy a hat yeah because it was my
posible deniability that I wasn't saying
pirate hat I see prove that's not a
pirate hat
modern pirates wear any hat they want
also I couldn't help noticing that it is
water
resistant which is perfect when you are
on the high seas on the high
[Laughter]
seas oh boy should we rename it to
pirate
hat kind of tempted just include like a
trial for a
VPN change nothing change nothing
just
okay hear me
out do we take a VPN sponsorship again
if we're just like here's the talking
points it's for
piracy that's the world's most honest
VPN pitch I feel like the biggest issue
with
them is the talk points so like I mean
our talking points were always clean
like it's one of those things where I
feel like a lot of the negativity around
VPN sponsorships was from creators who
and to be clear I don't actually blame
them you cannot expect every random
makeup or gaming or nature or history
Creator to completely understand the ins
and outs of a technology product like a
VPN um you know should creators have a
responsibility for the products that
they promote yeah yes but I also think
that the issues around vpns are a little
bit more complicated and nuanced then um
you could reasonably expect you know
your aunt who makes YouTube videos to
fully grasp um and so you know we pushed
back on the VPN providers that we worked
with especially as as my knowledge grew
about them and we ensured that our
talking points were aligned with what we
believed was the usefulness of vpns
um but I think a lot of negativity
around VPN sponsorship came from these
people who were promoting them in ways
that just were not true um now one of
the challenges with that is that
obviously they got those talking points
from somewhere so we would be working
with a company almost and all of almost
all of them do this we would be working
with a company that did actively promote
their products in uh in a deceptive way
so on the other hand it's clearly an
important part of your online privacy
toolkit which is the way that which is
the way that we had been positioning it
most recently when we were working
um when we were working with
Pia so in my opinion as long as your
talking points are fine and clear I
think it's okay A lot of people when
they talk about this including some of
the people in the chat right now have
been spamming links to a video um
whatever I'll just name it it's a video
from Tom Scott called this video is
sponsored by blank VPN Tom Scott's more
recent videos are sponsored by a VPN
company and what he was saying in this
video is that the the marketing and the
talking points are misleading and bad
and he was totally right but he
eventually takes a sponsorship from a
VPN company and just doesn't have
misleading and bad talking points so
it's fine um and it's funny because
there was a lot of brigading against us
after he launched that video and I was
kind of sitting here
going what we agree
yeah what do you want that was a very
frustrating time was a super frustrating
time uh because his video was great
um yeah it's a it's a good it's a good
point um cool story bro yeah we got you
yeah and to be clear like this is this
is this is mostly in the response to the
to
people trying to use it to say that
there should never be any VPN
sponsorships and no one should ever use
VPN it's like well hold on you're
swinging too far the Tom Scott video
didn't swing that
far you're you're swinging Beyond where
it was going yeah I don't know I
um I don't know I think I might just be
I think I might just be open to to
working with them again like I got to I
look full transparency with you guys
which always gets me in trouble which is
great but For Better or For Worse
exciting those of you who are the real
ones who understand that we're being
transparent with you and when we are
transparent it doesn't mean that you
know we have that much more to hide
because that's the stuff he tells us
we're actually just telling you like
real talk how we do things here um VP
sponsorships are if not the most
financially impactful they are among the
most financially impactful um out of
everyone that we have ever worked with
uh there's a lot of money in vpns to the
point where we not only considered but
even went as far as prototyping our own
VPN it worked it was great yeah yeah it
was up multiple people were using it
like it it's actually incredibly easy to
do it's not still up is it no are you
sure
yes I had to think for a second but yeah
I I remember it being shut down all
right just making sure but I mean you
could literally turn it back on in like
10 minutes oh my God not not to the
degree that we had it cuz we actually
had like distributed so it was it was it
was really cool Jonathan and AJ were
like really motivated because it seemed
like a fun thing to do and they just
smashed it um it was actually like great
it makes me sad because it was
very well like thought out implemented
done future planned all that type of
stuff it was it was really really well
scoped in those those guys did a great
job with it and it just we didn't want
to go anywhere because we started
talking to lawyers and they posed some
questions to us about like you know if
you want your stance to be no disclosure
whatever are you okay with these things
happening on a service that you run and
we were like uh no basically the
question was are you okay enabling pedos
yeah and we were like
nah I guess we won't make all of the
money in the world it would have been
all of the money in the world though we
ran the
math it would have been the world would
have run out of money before we would
have yeah especially with our audience
and with the numbers that we know from
working with VPN providers in the past
that we know we could have pushed it was
huge even if we retained if I remember
correctly if we were able to capture I
think it was like 25% % of what we had
literally already captured mhh we would
have just been making monster money yep
and it's like huh so
then the question becomes what's the
difference what is the difference
between
us making a VPN and making money and us
taking the money from companies that are
profiting off of Sheltering Naro Wells
it is it is an interesting one but I
think that's a question that you could
pose to like almost anything yeah but
don't what a bism
it you just did that's what this is this
question is no no no that's not what
about ISM I I'm saying here's something
really bad and you're saying well what
about other things that are bad and I'm
saying no answer the question okay I
think it's I think it's still okay
personally because you're not you're not
telling people hey are you this thing
that's really bad use this one
it's
good you're talking about actually in
this situation specifically promoting it
for piracy which
is which is questionable in its own
right
uh and something we would not be able to
do if it was our own service just to be
super clear um but what we could do is
say vpns are for piracy
now and then make our own VPN later but
never mention it again
yeah I
um yeah it's weird so what is the
difference between profiting from it
directly and to be clear I actually like
have an answer in mind I'm not just
trying to give you a hard time I think
it's doing the action of of knowing that
you're covering the trace for a certain
type of people so I thought that's kind
of what I was expecting him to say and I
guess I guess the difference is that as
the owner right because there's no such
thing as a completely untraceable
connection
it is traced to
somewhere and then it is encrypted right
so so when you're using a VPN it's it's
a relay right so if there's some server
hosting awful unspeakable it's not
liability content no this is not a this
is not a question of liability uh
there's there's vpns that operate out of
Canada clearly it can be managed yeah um
so so if if there's a server that has
some unspeakable image or
or video or whatever it is on it right
and there's a user who's accessing it
what the VPN does is it encrypts this
leg right so any traffic monitoring that
is happening still shows that
unspeakable content arriving at your
node so they will come and they will ask
you where did it go and Luke lafrenier
CTO or whatever seu
like would have to title we give him
would have to say I will not answer that
question I know who they are well no or
no logs okay but I could find out I
could do it and I will choose not to I
could do something about it I dive in
front of this person I will decide I
will decide to not do this to do nothing
about it to stand idly by yeah and I'm
just like literally not willing to do
that so if I'm not willing to do that
and we advertise this service that
people do use for
that saying hey there's no logs then
we'd have to go against what we were
saying because I'm not going to say no
to that so we're going to have logs and
then it's like wait we said we weren't
going to have logs so we can't really
run this thing yeah but if someone else
runs it we're okay with
it people are going to use it no matter
what if they want to use it and support
us
neat and the vast majority of our
audience is going to use it for fine
probably downloading movies we could
promote kitchen
knives people could use them for making
food people could also use them for bad
things in the kitchen knife scenario
there's no logging to figure out who
used your thing for bad stuff it's not a
perfect analogy no it's really not but
like I don't know you can promote that
people use something for good stuff um
is piracy
that maybe some forms of this is going
to be the spiciest W show ever yeah I
don't know why we're doing this
necessarily but it's a good conversation
this is a good conversation it's a I
think so I'm I'm interested let us know
is this a good conversation are you guys
interested no one's like move on like
they tell us when they hate what we're
talking about there's people talking
about drastically unrelated things yeah
it's always like that yeah people are
like this is great This Is How We Do
here this is how we make decisions the
conversations we have on Wow are really
not that different from the
conversations that we have off of wow
they're quite related yeah except that
y'all are watching it yeah you
voyerism as well how do I do that how do
I how do I show them wind cam look at
that we got some winners in the house
look at the Prime seat up front wow
that's a glorious position uh a while
back we ran a contest draw sweep Stakes
I don't know what to call it but
basically it's very comfy people who
bought the 3D down jacket one in however
many people who purchased it uh were
eligible for an all actually I don't
know if all expenses were paid but
definitely the travel definitely the
plane and hotel were paid uh to come to
the headquarters get a tour and uh hang
out they're actually like I could almost
spit on them but I wouldn't because
they're above me and it would actually
come back because gravity and hit me um
myself so I would I could spit on myself
and almost reach them uh they're like
right above us right
now um hope you guys are enjoying the W
show Dan are we doing live Q&A with
these guys live merch messages is that a
thing yeah I believe they're going to
come down here and we can hang well why
don't we do another topic real quick and
then we'll we'll bring on one of them
for our merch message break after topic
I think part of it too is for the
service to exist like at all it
basically has to Harbor bad
stuff so there isn't really getting any
any getting around how it has to work
and I'm just not willing to run it but
I've used them relatively extensively I
suggest that other people use them
relatively extensively so if I'm going
to do so can I not also recommend one to
use I think that's fine but I'm not
willing to run it myself
so there you go you know what Colton if
you're watching this get Pia on the
phone door's open yeah let's
uh it's fine to me like even when we
stopped the sponsorship I was kind of
like I kept using it K yeah exactly like
I haven't canel my 80% of other creators
that have like Nord sponsorships or
whatever they are people aren't just
going to find it there and you know
what's funny is that what's the
difference as far as I can tell and you
know this is this is the more just like
cynical business side of me as far as I
can tell stopping our VPN sponsorships
has earned us exactly this much Goodwill
anyway yeah I I I didn't see during any
controversy during any kind of
kerfuffle I haven't seen a
single single person that's gone man
remember when VPN sponsorships were not
cool and lus Media Group didn't take
them for literally
years yeah and there's lots of other
sponsors who've done the same thing for
it so I'm kind of sitting here going
like you know whatever I still I I'm not
saying that to be very clear just cuz
someone's going to quote that and then
try to throw me under 18 different buses
I'm not saying that we shouldn't keep
doing that but especially if like we
genuinely don't like if yeah we use vpns
it's fine this one seems fine cool and
then we control the talking points what
at this point I think we're only doing
it because people like asked us not to
which is like whatever man I don't if if
we're going to stop a sponsorship with
someone because their customer support
is super bad and we've had a lot of uh
you know our own user base report that
as an issue and we've tried to follow up
on it and we haven't seen any good
improvements obviously every company's
going to have some customer support
issues here or there but like it's it's
at unreasonable levels or we find that
their product is not sat satisfactory
enough for whatever reason whatever else
like there's there's reasons why we
cancel sponsor ship there's reasons why
we don't do certain things that's cool
we should keep doing that but like if
this was a Goodwill move yeah I don't
think it mattered anyways no I don't
think it made any difference
whatsoever I don't think we're going
back to Tunnel bear
though yeah see but there was a reason
suggesting yeah yeah like so
like but Pi is still around they seem
fine I haven't heard anything bad I
don't know may they were acquired by
Cape um okay and cape has has a cape has
had a complicated history I think is
probably the most generous into this
stuff in years I don't know me nether
yeah maybe we should dip our toes back
in I have no idea what Cape is up to
these days I have no idea what nord's
been up to lately uh a lot of people in
chat are saying I'm I'm I use Pia I use
Pia Lots blah blah blah it's like yeah
but we promoted Pia for years as well so
probably a lot of them that might be why
they still have the subscription y
so man now I wish we had the
uh yeah Top Gear 1224 is like canceling
Asus was wild after they paid for LTX so
that's a perfect example of how a I
haven't seen anyone credit that a we
don't earn Goodwill when we do things
the community calls for we just get
people mad at us when we don't do
whatever they demand and B how the
community does not understand how things
work behind the scenes here and whenever
they make whenever they draw conclusions
based on their understanding almost
invariably the conclusion is wrong
because their understanding is wrong
isus didn't pay for
LTX the attendees paid for
LTX like the the amount of speculation
that Asus had us under their thumb
because of the spons okay like they they
they're a major sponsor I might be able
to add some context there yeah sure uh
the amount you guys charged is not in
line with other conventions that I've
seen for booths for sponsors uh like
title sponsors for anything like that
the amount of income coming from those
things was
like orders of magnitude lower than the
numbers that I know from certain people
that run other certain conventions like
way way way way way lower even even
considering uh like differences in
attendance rates and stuff like that
sure like it's and there's reasons for
that because lonus was super and I'm not
against this I'm pointing at you it was
your idea but I actually I liked it but
lonus was super militant about like if
you have a booth there has to be
something cool there that people can do
and all this kind of stuff so the
convention was really fun because you
you walk into all these conventions that
are just like uh it's basically just a
bunch of stores or a bunch of like info
booths that aren't very interesting so
we wanted to be more interactive and
cool but doing that meant that a lot of
these big players that go and spend big
money at these shows were not really
interested because they have a booth
that they bring to shows all year it
does one thing and they don't want to
make it do a special thing just for this
one show so we didn't capture a lot of
that but I think that's probably where
some assumption comes from is often
those title sponsors are like big money
really big money well that's fair enough
um Top Gear says well whoa whoa I didn't
say that I was just saying canceling a
headline sponsor type profile no no I'm
not I don't I'm not meaning to call you
out or anything I'm just saying that
people generally do not do not
understand um the Dynamics at play here
and it wasn't you but it was a lot
people when when Asus was Under Fire uh
for their handling of particularly some
some warranty issues there were a lot of
people saying well LTT is not going to
say anything because
they there there is no Tech brand that
we're not willing to speak out against
um and there's a reason that major Tech
Brands either don't work with us for
years at a time we didn't work with
Nvidia for over 2 years on a sponsored
basis they begrudgingly especially at
first later on things were a lot
smoother but at first they begrudgingly
seated us cards for reviews just so that
we could do our basic coverage of them
that was it there are major Tech brands
that simply do not talk to us at all
we're not in this industry to make
friends Apple has my digits I know they
do because I've exchanged emails with a
rep one time when they needed something
from me every other time that I've
reached out to to them they have
explicitly ignored it um
so consider who you're going after if
it's if it's you know the corruption
you're trying to root out if it's the
people who play the
game we've shown time and time and time
again we're willing to stand behind what
we say we're willing to stand behind
what we believe
um where was the thing two two quick
things on the convention topic if you
want to look into Booth prices something
that's very interesting is Battle State
Games the people that run tarov are uh
Incorporated in the UK or something
instead of Russia and that means all of
their corporate documents and finances
and stuff are public you can look up how
much they spend on booths it will blow
your freaking mind really I'm talking
like half a million dollars a show
sometimes wow like okay yeah we were not
getting that kind of money no there also
going on stuff like Gamescom sure but
like yeah that's wild huge huge money in
booths um also uh I'm going to open
sauce come say hi it's going to be
really fun I'm doing a panel and I'll be
hanging out during the
show I realize I haven't told anyone all
right one more about to get us canceled
topic nice let's go you organize your
Welches is that the topic no um that's
not going to get me cancelled they all
have OCD anyway
um I I've made a grid out of my gummy
candies here you can't really see it cuz
it's behind my screen they're perfectly
they're all in the same direction hased
by color they're in a
GD this is a this is a good thing all
right a small distraction over on float
plane asks is there ever an ethical
gambling sponsorship adults can choose
their
vices like
basically the question is if it's legal
why are we taking some kind of moral
High Ground here it's something people
enjoy it's something that has made its
way into mainstream acceptance
especially over the last 5 to 10 years
what's our problem why don't we just get
the bag is I'm and I'm I'm expanding on
the question a little bit obviously here
but thinking my my immediate jump to
would go extreme levels of mental
manipulation in order to ruin your
life um and I think that's like
genuinely the main goal of the entire
thing
um I don't think there's a positive to
it literally at all ever uh the only
person I have ever seen that has had a
healthy relationship with it was uh John
Martin actually um and the way that he
would do it yeah he would leave it
doesn't mean was John Martin John Martin
still exists and still works here yeah
um he uh still cool I meant because this
thisas old yeah he actually does he's
doing good um but he would leave any way
of increasing the amount of funds on
hand at home go with a fixed amount of
money and he enjoyed the process so to
him who was like I'll bring as much as I
would take to go see a movie I'll get
free food because they give you free
food when you're there I'll play some
games until I'm out of money or when I
get a reasonable amount and feel like
I'm happy and then I'll go home and then
that is like I am accepting an
entertainment expense for the night and
there is no way for me to extend it I
respected that that seemed fine um
the positiv is the winnings you don't
you don't get it man no that's not you
don't win The House Always Wins yeah
everybody knows that yeah sorry dude and
like I I appreciate you're at flow
planing subscriber all that kind of
stuff but like you're that's not you you
lose that's how that works and you is
not necessarily you personally yeah you
personally might win that one time
unprecedented streak of luck but you
collect L definitely
mathematically lose
yeah and like and the problem the
problem with saying the upsides is the
winnings yeah is you just wholeheartedly
accepting the upside is the mental
manipulation that is going to eventually
rip all my money away and like one I've
I've talked about you're taking the
dopamine Loop that they want you to take
which is bad I've talked about this on
the W show before but like a big moment
for me was just walking around in Las
Vegas for the first
time every like man those the bathrooms
are so clean like you could eat off them
they're huge the ceilings are 30t high
and and painted like the sky like it's
like every every every inch of it every
brick that was laid was laid with money
taken from people who traveled
everything they possibly can to
communicate to you that you will lose
and horrific and this is how much you're
going to give us not you personally
necessarily walking into the mouth of a
demon like you
collectively are here to enrich us this
much and even if you win guess what
we're going to fill this place with Fine
Food and products that are also going to
give you a dopamine hit and activities
which to be clear I have no problem with
activities point is we're going to fill
this place with all this stuff so that
even when you win you're going to spend
it easy come easy go you're going to
spend it oh guess what on establishments
within our buildings that we own that
funnel that money back to us in the form
of rent the whole thing is designed
where even if you walk out of Las Vegas
up
$200 after you spent you know a hundred
of it on let's say a a necklace or
something something they are still they
are still going to keep some of your
money there so why don't we take
gambling sponsorships
because neither Luke nor I believe it
has I used to I used to work at any
reason to promote it yeah we we don't I
used to work at the bread factory and
there was uh I'm not saying dudes there
because there was only men there I'm
saying dudes there because I actually
don't think any of the women had
negative gambling problems only the guys
did so L men but um there was many times
and many different people that people
would come into work and you'd hear them
like begging for extra hours and you try
to figure out what's going on and it
turns out that they yet again gambled
their rent away and are worried about
becoming homeless they could have easily
afforded their rent they were doing fine
we made pretty good money at that point
in time I knew these people I knew they
were doing okay they were living within
means everything was okay but they gambl
it away they lost it and then they'll oh
all almost you know lost everything that
was rough and then a few months later
the same thing happens because you're
you're being mentally manipulated you're
being controlled like just don't allow
this to happen and don't feed into it
and yeah I don't know I'd probably so
bad I'd probably promote alcohol and
cigarettes before I'd promote gambling
speaking of vices right like you were
saying let people pick their vices there
adults and that's fair enough and you
know what like to to Luke's Point some
people can have a healthy relationship I
I actually fully respect John's
approach I had not met someone with a
healthy relationship and you're you're
going to your brain's just about going
to fall out of your head I had not met
someone with a healthy relationship with
smoking until I met one of my badminton
friends she will light up one
cigarette like once a quarter just be
like I like this I like to enjoy it once
in a while and then we'll just not smoke
for a month two months three months I
mean I still think it's bad but it's not
good for you but it's not going to kill
them four cigarettes a year is not going
to kill someone Luke inhaling smoke is
just bad sure but you'd probably be
worse off sitting around the campfire
all summer that's very
true that's why hesitated a little bit I
was like there's a lot worse things
let's be real here yeah I mean
it's
that's I mean it's not as bad as like
chain
smoking I don't know it's one of those
things where it's like yeah you can have
a just there's really weird arguments
you can make about the upsides of
nicotine and things get really odd when
you start going down that path but then
there's there's much healthier ways to
ingest nicotine if you're going for the
the posit POS effects that it does have
even though it does have really
addictive properties all this other like
it gets really messy but
yeah so it's one of those things to be
clear man some people seem confused we
are not going to be promoting smoking or
alcohol no he no no no that's not the
point uh the the point is just that it
kind of doesn't matter because these are
things that in general are designed to
ENT trap uh to they designed to be
addictive they're designed
to not necessarily they're designed to
but they hurt you yeah and you know what
I think we make a bit of an exception
for like mobile games for example um our
line is that it has to be fun without
paying
um that's a pretty good line in my
opinion because there there are mobile
games that are fun there are mob mobile
games that are free that are fun um I
like Pokmon go I don't engage with it
in a way that I feel like it is being
predatory to me I think it's fine I saw
oh I saw I saw one comment a little
while back and unfortunately I I uh I
lost it but it was it was it was a good
one someone was basically like yeah
gambling is fine if it's you and your
buds playing poker and you know that if
you lost your buddy won 100% that's a
totally different thing I've got no
problem with that there was if there was
gamble withyou
friends.com and their model was that
they took like let say say 1% off the
top or something like that because
realistically a lot of the odds are are
kind of like that anyway but the house
was never just like like like Blackjack
right like the house was never just like
taking all of someone's
money I honestly think I could I could
maybe accept that what would it even
would it what would it would just
support poers that correct sure or just
any anything where you are betting with
well no we can't enforce that it's with
people's friends we can't enforce that
relationship
yeah yeah and then it just becomes a
poker website yeah okay well
hypothetically right in in a perfect you
know imaginary Utopia if there was
Gamble withy yourfriends decom and it
was the online equivalent of just you're
all busy and don't have time to gather
around that stereotypical Round Table
just off to the side in the kitchen I
know that I know that some people don't
like playing things like poker when
there is no uh stakes in this case the
easiest one is probably Financial but
some people will do other things and
that's fine but uh they don't play like
playing it when there is none because
people just like go all in every hand
and like not really take it very
seriously so you kind of want something
on the line so people play it more
seriously that's all fine you do that
with your buddies in the comfort of your
own home whatever personally I don't
care at all go have fun um it's it's
the yeah it's the it's the more
corporatized gambling that's a
problem I'm even like I I generally
don't take bets of like almost any
kind lunch I'll do lunch yeah but then
that's like the result of this bet is we
go hang out yes which is like yeah
everybody wins yeah exactly I'm totally
cool with those but like hey I'll bet
you I'll bet you 50 bucks that this team
is going to beat this other team and
insert sports game like I have no
interest in that at all I don't know
$20 Buy in no Reby yeah see like that
seems decently healthy to me as long as
everyone can afford it you might not
have a friend that can so that gets a
little weird Uncle Charlie Mt volunteer
fire department people hung around and
played poker if you lost 20 bucks you
went home nobody wanted mad wives nice
see that seems pretty good that's
probably okay yeah but there's no way to
enforce that with an online service
totally so I just don't see I don't see
how we could get involved in that it's
incredible how much money there is in it
though like absolutely wild uh Hey
speaking of things that are incredible
how much money is in them thank you so
much for supporting us through realt
store.com we are going to do some merch
messages ladies and gentle folk um the
way merch messages work is all you got
to do is instead of just throwing money
at your screen randomly like you
normally would on YouTube or twitch or
whatever else you can throw money at LTT
store.com all you got to do is add one
of our fabulous products to your cart
and and a little here let's go we we'll
check out our zipup mock
neck look how stylish tinan looks okay
available on up trip XL we're going to
add that to the cart and anytime the
dark colored undershirt that actually
works really well anytime we are live
there will be a merch message Banner
here so you can decide whether to make
it Anonymous or show your first and last
name you can leave us a little message
oh you can even pick your color how cute
is that and it will go to producer Dan
there he is who will curate your message
for me and Luke or respond to it himself
or forward it to the appropriate person
or just blast it up on the bottom of the
screen for everyone to admire and the
best thing about merch messages is you
can throw your money at the screen in
order to interact with the show and even
if we don't get to it or you know your
answer is something that we can't answer
or whatever else it is you will still
get your fantastic merchandise in the
mail we've got a couple of new things
that we are promoting on the store this
week uh we are launching two new apparel
items we've got the pocket t-shirt and
zipup mock neck so I showed you guys the
zip-up mock neck already it looks great
obviously zipper pocket got the little
subtle LTT branding how sharp does
everybody look YKK zipper of course
because we're all about that
quality the only thing that I don't like
about our stealth branding in general I
love it and I want it for myself but the
only thing I don't like is sometimes
when I'm like driving to work and stuff
I'll notice someone walking down the
street wearing like a sweater with the
backpack or something I'm like hey cool
and now I can't tell yeah well okay
that's fair good quality stuff Luke
we're going to have something coming for
you nice it's going to be very
recognizable very out there I hope it's
just your face no it will not be that do
you remember the what was the dentist
shirt
Dennis uh that was so good we've also
got our new pocket t-shirt it's a
t-shirt now with featuring pocket
Infinity per more pocket waa yeah that's
right look at that pocket boom right
there boom right there on the back
kidding kidding boom pocket available in
black and blue I mean I'm sure slate
yeah we've probably got some fancy name
for yeah slate that's a cool name for it
slate I like that it's really
comfortable same fit as our blank teas
so if you love our teas and you love
Pockets we got you we got you pocket
gang uh all right want to hit us with
some merch messages Dan do you want to
do the inperson one first from the uh I
was going to ask you if you want let's
do it let's do it we'll bring on the
winner we'll bring on the winner cam
while we do that sure come over here I
think there yeah it's it's like very in
person oh wow we can put we can put both
so many cameras Oh My Goodness camera
setion cameras for days everywhere yeah
so yeah oh okay I think uh this is
Connor right yes hey Conor and we got
some questions perfect thanks guys uh
what I wanted to ask was whatever
happened to ice giant cooling uh any
updates on the next version of the pro
siphon Elite now that traditional air
coolers and all in uh Allin ones are so
effective and cheap uh did they miss the
market
opportunity that's a good question in
terms of what happened to them I don't
think that anything in particular has
happened to them other than that they
made a really cool really Innovative
product and unfortunately oh am I muted
I got you oh I I I don't think anything
in particular has happened to them in so
far as I I don't think they've gone out
of business or anything the last time
they showed up on my radar someone on
The Forum messaged uh or messaged me or
posted publicly I can't remember but I
was paying attention to this this
discussion that was taking place and
they had an issue where they had lost
their mounting hardware and they weren't
able to mount it to their new upgraded
computer right cuz they were using one
set and then they needed a new set
ultimately I think the resolution to
that was that ice giant did get them a
replacement mounting kit so evidently
they still exist uh Luc is on their site
right now yeah and they have a add to
cart product page they have listings on
their product page for three different
things two of them are in stock one's
stock it looks like a real site it's
running through Shopify so so they're
they're active there but the challenge
for their product is that the problem
that it solves is not necessarily one
that most people have so they came along
at what seemed like a really good time
when thread Ripper 5000 and subsequent
generations of thread Ripper were
looking like we were going to have this
need for coolers that were not just able
to get the heat away from the CPU but
we're able to dissipate that heat to the
air around them because that's the
advantage of the thermosyphon right is
that it does an incredible job of
drawing a colossal amount of heat and
distributing it to the fins so that it
can dissipate it to the air and it
doesn't it doesn't suffer from the same
bottlenecks that heat pipes
do but the problem with that is that
it's only really effective when you have
a heat source that is outputting a ton
of Heat and the thing about a lot of
modern CPUs now that AMD pays absolutely
no attention to Consumer thread Ripper
whatsoever like we got what we got these
like super high-priced thread Ripper and
thread Ripper Pro 7000 chips yeah a year
a year and a half into the Zen 4 life
cycle like are you are you kidding me
right now um if I'm an Enthusiast what
did I did I wait that long to be on the
latest architecture like come on are you
kidding me right so realistically this
is something professional users are
using the thermal challenges have been
solved um the people who are actually
running these things overclocked to the
point where they really need to avoid um
overwhelming their heat pipes in order
to get the heat away from the chips like
who who are these people and then on the
Intel side they're still using
monolithic dieses right they're still
using and when I say monolithic I mean
single I don't mean that they're
actually big right they're still using
these single dyes where the bottleneck
is not how much heat can we dissipate to
the air like an nhd15 is more than
adequate to dissipate the
350 Watts that you'll get out of a a
14900 K the problem is that that heat is
coming from such a concentrated tiny
area that you can't get it away from
there fast enough I mean that's why you
see Intel actually we didn't talk about
on wancho Intel is allowing system
integrators to ship their CPUs delited
now select system integrators are
shipping
delited top tier Intel CPUs that's
actually insane yeah that blows my
freaking mind with
warranty yeah that's wild I know right
that's not something I would have seen
that we're going back to the be die baby
yeah like what year is it 2003 that's
nuts I mean Intel had IHSS even then so
my my point is that I don't think ice
giant has gone
anywhere so much as ice Giant's
necessity of their product has gone
somewhere if we were getting regular
updates for thread Ripper at a
reasonable price and we had these large
chips where the challenge is how do we
get all the heat dissipated to the air
then I think there'd be a huge market
for it but as it is on the Intel side
you got this tiny die and the thermos
siphon does nothing to help with that
and on the AMD side
there's no point overclocking their
ryzen non-thread Ripper chips anyway
what what are you going to
do like get another 50 MHz out of it you
can't even you can't even really push
them beyond their power limit not really
I mean you obviously if you're an
extreme overclock here you're modifying
the board yeah exactly I brought it to
not interested
boom where where's my where Luke muted I
can fight back got him wait no you
didn't even do it yeah I did did you
give me a fake button Dan no I just am
bad at my
job oh there it goes oh I see it's I
accidentally pick the same one that
chooses the wide cam how dare you that
makes sense how dare you give me a fake
Luke no you just push it until it turns
red you're fine I'm sorry D I'll tank
all the repercussions from this I
appreciate it what what is happening no
no I'm just actually incompetent just
push it until it turns red I I
appreciate you diving under that bus Dan
I got you all right good question thank
you very know I know they were talking
about a copper version forever and uh I
was just curious you just uh you never
heard anything about it and it just
makes me wonder what kind of they're
going to be doing in the future but I
mean look it's uh even when you have a
really successful product it's really
tough to to maintain the kind of
revenues that you need to support R&D to
build another product screwdriver you're
supporting any other people screwdriver
has been colossally successful for us
we've sold over 100 30,000 screwdrivers
now uh you know that's pretty easy math
to do you guys you can you can do it at
home on your
calculatrice um but these days I mean we
are down to moving compared to what we
did at launch right we are now moving in
a month what we might have done in an
hour on launch day right like it's not
it's not on the same scale and you have
to continue to evolve the product and
innovate you have to continue to support
all the people who are out there owning
the product already and who are you know
contacting you a year later hey I'm
having this issue or whatever the case
may be there's a lot of overhead
involved in running a business and so
you know that's why you see the really
successful companies like the corsairs
of the world go out and they're looking
for a new vertical to attack pretty much
every year whether it's cases or power
supplies or peripherals or streaming or
whatever those guys are doing freaking
everything now and there's a reason for
it because if you're not growing your
product portfolio it's actually really
really hard to sustain your business
there's only so much Innovation that you
can do on a cooler you could make a
copper one sure but I mean I can tell
you right now based on what I know about
the differences in the thermal
characteristics of aluminum and copper
that copper cooler was going to be a
degree or or three better and it was
going to cost so much more that
realistically very few people were going
to spring for the copper one would have
looked sick I know right would have
looked really good I know but very
expensive Dan do you want to hit us with
a digital merch message oh thank you so
much let's have a
look
okay uh hey little got a new job as a
USB test engineer and I've almost
convinced my supervisor to buy the
$15,000 cable tester you guys reviewed
what are the coolest tests lab has
coming up in your opinion I kind of wish
we could ask some questions back I know
right we know who they are you could
email them we're actually upgrading our
cable tester so uh that's going to be
something buy our used one cuz you know
that we're we're well I think we're
still going to be using the one we have
but we're going to need an upgraded one
when we work on our cables because we
want to validate them for um data rates
that our current cable tester is not
capable of handling makes sense that's
going to be
a somewhat recurring expense I guess uh
I think probably the coolest thing oh I
don't know everything's cool those guys
are working on so much cool stuff a
really cool one that I saw is this um
thermal test platform that has I think
it's like it's either six or nine sensor
locations and they created a custom PCB
for the uh for the monitoring piece that
outputs the logs of uh the temperature
in the case and all these different
spots because we don't want to just
review a GPU and show the GPU temps we
want to review a GPU and show the GPU
temps and the temps near your vrms and
the temps on your like all over your
case right so that we can so we can try
to quantify okay this cooler design does
it assist with exhausting the hot air
out of the back of the case does it uh
does it blow all the hot air up toward
your CPU area have you had any companies
reach out and be like this is
scary of why are you guys looking so
closely well yeah but that's our job
that's pretty funny um I haven't heard
of that personally that was a genuine
question I just yeah I mean yeah there's
obviously going to be people that don't
like
it most of them are smart enough to not
express any trepidation because then
we're going to know to dig then you look
further yeah
exactly um all right do you want to give
me one more
Dan yep
absolutely hi lonus Luke and Dan well
this is weird they they're doing it
normally uh uh yeah who does that what's
wrong with it how is daily driving High
RR OLED is it more efficient than IPS
LCD also ever try tiny OS 11 it's a
strip down Windows 11 OS I use it and
love it cuz it's no useless crap we've
had looking at alternative stripped down
os's again on our list of things to do
for a little while I think that we are
we're going to get to it it's it's a
matter of time um there can be some
there's some issues yeah there's some
issues with these um some of them have
kind of worked around the licensing
issues with Microsoft others it seems
like have not quite so much um there's
also issues around trust you know what
is this script doing exactly I haven't
personally gone in and vetted every line
of code so if I haven't um you know
what's my confidence level recommending
it and there are some that are and then
what if they update it after you do mhm
widely enough known that there's a level
of trust there but hey uh it's trust and
verify right so if I'm just in that I'm
not really verifying We've ran into this
issue before we we'll release a video
about something and then that thing will
change but it's significantly harder to
change the video yep and we've also run
into um we've also run into issues where
even seemingly well-intentioned you know
Community efforts have evolved over time
like it used to be that we would call
out Community like funny Community uh
domains um like people would make people
would make like funny websites and stuff
based on jokes we make about domain name
ideas and we we'd go to them and we'd
laugh at the things that they've done
and then we would find out that later um
they had altered it for like
self-promotion or or some other kind of
thing like they hadn't in good faith
continued the joke there was one in
particular that went like really far to
the point where it it was super not okay
um
impersonation trying to get money out of
people tracking information all this
type of stuff it was really bad so we
try not to do that anymore so we
basically like it's this is why we can't
have nice things right yeah as for daily
driving High refresh rate OLED um I
wouldn't say it's more efficient than
IPS I mean OLED has its own power draw
issues um in fact I'm you know what I
don't know I'm going to go ahead and say
I don't know I actually don't think
power consumption is part of our test
suite for most monitors these days
although we did check out a monitor
recently that draws six w
312 in does up to 2200 nits Peak
brightness what and draws six
Watts see if you can figure it out I'll
let him think for a second and then I'll
finish talking about high refresh rate
OLED it's super cool it's amazing I
don't know for sure if it will be you
know if there will be zero burning
forever um it looks the the indications
are that cued is pretty good these days
but think of this before chat said it
okay what is it it's not e in is it no
yeah okay then I have no idea it's LCD I
have no clue makes no sense to me at all
you heard it here first Luke has no clue
Luke has no cl.com yeah
oh why would you do this we just talked
about this CU it's really funny but it's
going to be a domain in like minutes I
know don't go to it there oh yeah great
oh but how else will they know that Luke
has no clue what do you fig Dan I know
what monitor is no that's cheating that
video is going to be
incredible that's cheating Dan no I'm
not I'm not saying nothing I'm not even
giving hints might say you might say the
video will be
brilliant
dazzling you might say that the video
was a bright idea he's taunting or the
monitor I want you to all understand
this he's not saying things that will
actually make me figure it out the video
is uh but he's just saying things to to
bother me the things I'm saying right
now we're a reflection of how I feel
about the
video that's cool I've have no
idea um we cover the full spectrum of
things you might want to know about the
product in our
video I'm not going to get
it all right I'll give you a better hint
okay I'm probably not going to get it
still Game Boy
Advance what
is it like magnifying the screen somehow
no I have no idea it has no
backlight
oh why how does it get to 2200 nits Peak
brightness you ask I don't know do you
have to light it
yourself I will say that the power fits
in the palm of my hand oh my God I hate
this whole conversation this whole thing
just sucks
you know you don't have to do W show you
could end the streak and then I would
win if I ended the stream now it
wouldn't end the streak no the streak Oh
Oh you mean you would just quit halfway
through no no
no quitters never Prosper then how would
that apply to this conversation then
look okay this is a really good hint the
power fits in the palm of my hand it's a
pop culture reference good Lord I don't
how did you how did you possibly think a
pop culture reference was going to help
me that's fair
the power of the in the palm of my hand
I have no
idea
Batman no it's it's not Batman nice to
meet
you everyone in chat is spamming Sun am
I was I supposed to guess Sun so you put
it in front of a window yeah that's kind
of cool so and also really weird so
basically it's nighttime so instead of a
backlight
it has a mirror like surface behind the
LCD panel okay is that cool or what
that's pretty neat what is it for it's
[__] terrible yeah yeah okay but it's
in like the coolest way but it's
interesting and Ne oh it's super
interesting I'm excited to watch the
video about it I don't think I'd want
one I I'm sure there's some application
where it would be cool because you're
like in an environment where power is
like very difficult to come by I'm sure
there's got to be like somebody out
there who's like oh my goodness I need
this you got to see it in person we'll
we'll grab it out for yeah it's it's
something to behold I'll put it that way
and we cover we cover super cool
applications of the technology in the
video the muddy repti got me he like he
can't quit while wearing a Terry Fox
t-shirt
D now you're stuck with us forever yeah
pretty
much oh I love that that's a that's a
deep cut for Canadians man that's true
yep you would be letting down Terry yeah
that's impossible actually now is
probably a good time for us to reiterate
that um the reason we're wearing these
shirts
are uh to support the Terry Fox run uh
you can get your shirt at Terry fox.org
all proceeds support cancer research
registration for the 2024 Terry Fox run
will open on April 12th um and the 44th
annual Terry Fox run will take place
across Canada on September 15th Terry
Fox is a National Treasure uh we are
extremely proud to partner with the
Terry Fox Foundation uh when I say
partner I I realized that's a
sponsorship disclosure word that's not
what's taking place obviously we're not
making money we were just thrilled to
hear from them and absolutely honored to
support the Terry Fox Foundation uh
they've been doing absolutely incredible
work um if you don't know who Terry Fox
is then Now's the Time to Google him
learn about his life was so young um he
was taken from us far too early and
um yeah absolutely incredible diagnosed
with cancer at a very young age lost his
leg decided
to run across the country um to raise
awareness uh raise cancer awareness and
uh raise money to fight cancer you're
going to break Linus up man damn it
you're
trying it's a big deal I'm done it's
genuinely a very big deal
um and I said the obviously thing I know
there's some creators that have taken
money for uh charity work stuff where
where I would like to think that it's
obvious we're not doing that um but yeah
just so you
know um speaking of charitable
sponsorships we actually are doing one
nice we are well no it's a little
complicated so we are doing a charity
auction stream for BC Children's
Hospital on April 17th this will be at
around 1 p.m. Pacific on whatnot so
whatnot is working with us they are an
auction platform and they have kindly
waved it's a little different all fees
so that the proceeds will go directly to
BC Children's Hospital we're really
excited about this our auction items
include five incredibly powerful PCS
that will be handbuilt by line of
Sebastian I'm just reading the talking
points they put my name in there for
some reason they will be built by me
it's fun having you say your own last
name the slowest one out of all the PCS
and this is great has a 14900 K and an
RTX
480 so these are going to be Beast
Machines we're trying to raise some real
money which means huge shout out to all
the companies that have donated to this
cause uh in particular Asus and Corsair
who have donated the majority of the
components for our PC builds but also HP
Acer Elgato which is also course there
uh dell Intel Google noctua sabrin
Logitech nothing the phone company not
like thanks for nothing and many more
wait the wait wait what oh just donated
to the cause okay I get it I I get it I
was like what computer parts are we
getting from nothing in Google yeah
don't worry about it all right um and
well we're going to be auctioning a
bunch of stuff so not I'm going to be
building computers oh but there's other
things okay dude I have wanted to do
this video for like three years because
it has the best title
I will build you a PC right now oh
that's going to be the title of the
video that's pretty good right now
that's pretty good so you will be able
to bid on a computer while I am live oh
it'll all be for
charity and I will build it for you
right in front of you it's going to be
flipping awesome nice um we've got a
pre-built PC from main gear we've got an
Acer Nitro 16 gaming laptop peripheral
bundles phones all kinds of stuff that
we're going to be auctioning for charity
um streaming bundles include custom
merge from LTT store many other little
bits of LTT history so if you're
considering buying a computer or gaming
headset or a mouse or something like
that consider doing it at our auction
and having those dollars go to a good
cause I doubt that the price is going to
be the best price because people tend to
go kind of wild when it comes to charity
auctions but but it's cool that's a
feature not a bug quite literally um and
as I already said all of the proceeds
are going to go to BC Children's
Hospital which is one of our
favorite uh causes to donate
to uh I think oh the last little update
thing for those of you who sat through
this this is kind of a big deal it's
funny I
um I came across a post and I'm not
going to name any names but it was
basically like comparing sort of our um
our quality of our guests to another
content creator and I was
like I mean we don't really like do gu
the last time we even had one and the
and the issue for us is that we are
chronically not on schedule and the
thing about having important guests is
that if you are late for them that's
pretty [__] up um it's bad enough that
we're late for the show in general and
we are sincerely sorry it is all in the
pursuit of building you guys the best
float plane and the best content that we
Poss important guest I am not saying
that they're not they're not guests
they're homies that's different ah
the point is that it's funny timing
because only a couple weeks after I came
across that I had possibly the biggest
guest fall into my lap CRA this is
actually crazy um and it was just it was
serendipitous but next week we will be
having the
one the only Mr Jim Keller joining us
for a Callin uh for those of you who do
not know who this is same thing with as
with Terry Fox Okay totally different
fields right but Google him right now
yeah um he is the CEO of 10 torrent he
was the lead architect of amd's K8
microarchitecture he co-designed the
x86-64 instruction set he was later the
lead designer on the Zen architecture he
also had a big role in designing the
Apple A4 and A5 the company's first
in-house s so's and he worked at Tesla
during the development of their
autopilot Tech technology anyone asking
who Jim Keller is please um so we're
going to have him on the show he's going
to be talking about what he's doing at T
torrent guys an absolute legend in the
Computing world I'm just dropping links
in the chat you guys are not going to
want to miss this uh these links are to
where you guys can suggest some topics
of conversation obviously I'm going to
be asking him about his new gig right
now but if you guys have any kind of
questions that are not going to get him
in you know non-disclosure agreement
trouble or anything like that like don't
ask him to like you know talk smack
about previous companies work for like
it's not going to be that's not the kind
of thing we're doing here uh but if you
have anything that you want to kind of
hear us discuss with Mr Jim Keller we
are getting an opportunity to talk to
him we're really excited about it we uh
it's funny because the topic came up in
a conversation with Toren about like Hey
how do we how do we work together what
you guys are doing looks really cool and
we saw you guys have this dev kit and um
you know is is that our opportunity to
cover it and talk about it or do you
have something coming down the pipe
basically it was an exploratory call I
jumped on with them and they were like
oh yeah you know it' be really cool is
if we like had gym on and I was like uh
they're like yeah we don't really know
if you guys like do guests or anything
I'm like well here's the thing we don't
but when is Jim going to be able to join
[Laughter]
us um it's one of those things where
this is funny so I I assign someone to
go through the um to go through oh the
form the form doesn't work I will uh
I'll reach out to the guy who made it
okay Dan will Dan will get it fixed the
point is um I asked a couple people on
the team to create the form and uh go
through the responses to the Forum to
kind of see what's what are the biggest
things the most common things people
want to see us talk about and I was like
okay and can you also kind of put
together um you know some stuff to help
guide the conversation because as much
as I can talk fairly intelligently about
most areas of technology I know just
enough to be dangerous and I do not want
to look like any more of an idiot by
comparison than I already will with him
on the show it's yeah it's going to be
bad it's like most most people are
pretty dumb dumb he's he's got to be in
my like I don't know exactly where but I
I was I was trying to think of like of
individuals exact names that I've like
Googled in my lifespan he's got to be up
there yeah every once in a bluee I'm
just like what what is he up to oh
making products with sick names have you
seen their their product names T Tor
yeah gray skull so sick everything's so
boring these days here but the the gry
skull
e75 yeah this is the dev kit one right
yeah this is this is the dev card um
this is already from chatting with them
kind of old news
um but this is all about so they he
probably will talk about this and this
is something that they they are
promoting right now because they do want
to get these in people's hands um so
that they can interact with the hardware
so that when the time
comes things are going to work um and
they're well I'm going to let him talk
about how excited they are about what
they're working on I'm so stoked yeah
excited for this
oh it's just a per hold on a second
kolio Ash says I'm going to be honest I
have no idea what the products he's made
are used for but it's obviously he's
done some big things okay so let's go
through it K8 that was before Zen okay
so before ryen that was the last time
that AMD stole the performance Crown
from Intel they stole it hard they came
out of absolutely nowhere having been
kind of languishing for a fairly
extended period of time and crushed it
not only did they come take the single
core performance Crown they beat Intel
to 64-bit they beat Intel to multicore
Computing and just slay it Mr Keller
moved on uh I believe his next Port of
Call was Apple don't don't quote me on
that I forget the exact order of
operations here because I think he's
done some shorter stints and gone back
and stuff don't yeah don't worry about
it but the point is the A4 the A4 was
when the iPhone stopped using commodity
chips guys stopped using commodity
chipsets that was when Apple silicon I
mean Apple Brands their Computing their
computer products Apple silicon but that
was where Apple silicon was born when
Apple started designing processors that
outperformed anything else that was on
the market from companies that had been
doing it forever and obviously none of
these things happen from just one person
but he there's a bit of a pattern just
look up look up his Wikipedia page and
look at his known for Athlon K7 AMD K8
lead architect AMD K12 AMD Zen Apple A4
Apple A5 a co-author of x86-64 Tesla
Hardware 3.0 and a co-author of hyper
transport it's like
oh whoa done some things yeah um so then
anyway the what I was getting to was
when AMD finally came back ryzen
what was the Common Thread Jim came back
to
AMT he's not there now though he's doing
T Toren so he's been he's been working
on some AI stuff which is definitely in
his wheelhouse from that time spent on
um yeah it was Hardware 3.0 at Tesla I
think s of the um uh the autopilot
Hardware yeah so yeah excited excited
it's going to be awesome uh Dan what are
we supposed to be doing right now uh
let's
go oh sponsors yes let us indeed do that
the form is fixed by the way uh the show
is the show is brought you by
ag1 instead of swallowing hundreds of
supplements like a car eat pellets try
ag1 which is a much easier Spoonful to
swallow it's an all-in-one supplement
that has 75 different vitamins minerals
and antioxidants and their team is
always trying to find better ways to
Source test and find the best quality
ingredients available
ag1 tests for hundreds of contaminants
and banned substances which is much
better than the supplement industry's
average of 10 I mean that that shouldn't
surprise me but anyway it really is as
easy as one scoop a day instead of
purchasing all your different vitamins
separately uh Luke Dennis Maria and
actually a few other members here at lmg
have tried or even use ag1 daily whether
it's because they wanted to stop cutting
Corners after a diet change or just
because they like the way it tasted in a
breakfast smoothie ag1 just made sense
and you can try AG 1 and get a free
one-year supply of vitamin D3 plus K2
and five free ag1 travel packs with your
first subscription at drink a1.com wow
check them out at the link down
below the show is also brought to you by
Ridge stop spending hours jamming your
bulky wallet in your pocket your ugly
bulky wallet just belongs in the trash
can Ridge is here to help you up your
everyday carry game their wallets are
slim and minimalistic and can hold up to
12 cards and unlike those traditional
wallets Ridge wallets are built to last
they offer a lifetime warranty which
means if you ever feel your Ridge wallet
isn't functioning properly they will do
everything possible to make it right and
they are consistently updating their
designs like this limited edition High
Dive blue and their brand new leather
wallet is there going to be a visual for
the leather wallet sorry he's working on
it he's working on it he's working on
he's going to get there yeah that's a
leather oh leather leather oh that's the
high dive blue ooh that's leather that's
a leather seal glass leather Center
leather Linus Tech tips leather flower
we're going to get to the leather one we
got
this let's watch let's watch him do it
he's going to get there I don't think
there is a leather one for most wallets
you can even personalize them by adding
your initials and besides wallets
they've got uh key cases to keep your
keys slick and tidy and with over
880,000 fstar reviews and a 99 day
risk-free trial they are worth checking
out wano beers can use code when for 10%
off their purchase plus free shipping
there's a leather one don't worry about
it's in there somewhere um finally the
show is brought to you by vessie did you
miss the eclipse this week we did but we
didn't miss the rain got them it rains
pretty often here in Vancouver but
thankfully we have vessie vessie makes
comfortable and breathable shoes that
most importantly are highly water
resistant they even say waterproof the
best thing is they're not made with
rubber like those generic rain boots
gross put those away they're light and
breathable and super easy to put on also
all their products are vegan and
crueltyfree that's right they don't put
any vegans into their products oh that
would have been cruel yeah see with
their one-year warranty and over 10,000
reviews don't let the rain stop you from
moving vessie offers shoes for diff all
kinds of different occasions so you can
always find the ones that fit your
routine and now you can get 15% off your
purchase with code wow at vessie wow you
can check out the link down below all
right I I might have to report you to
your boss why what did I do because when
one of my employees was trying to work
on something you put them on camera in
order to shame his uh lack of
performance which seems unfair it wasn't
the lack of performance what was it it
was the um funniness of
it I'm only trying to f a form while
doing sponsor reads it's fine it's fine
I I mess up here's what I want to know
my bandwidth is unacceptable why doesn't
Luke think that you can handle this cuz
Luke does not trust me at all he's a
terrible manager and person exactly I
guess I lose this game all I'm trying to
demonstrate is that even with the
spotlight on him D Dan never he'll get
my name one day
yeah Dana I was going to say Dane why
Dave get out of here I like working here
it's fun I got to talk to my therapist
about
this but hey but hey it'll be partially
covered that's right yeah you pay for it
so that I can deal with you day in and
day out it's a perfect system I didn't
think it was partial covering well
depends up to a certain amount I mean
with the amount of therapy Dan needs so
not covered at all
I'm the reason why the uh the amount is
lower for everybody else at the
company oh boy where are we we're doing
merch messages let's less cancel
ourselves yeah no it's just me should be
good merch messages yeah how about Apple
is setting its users free and freedom is
scary oh kind of funny Apple has further
loosened some restrictions on iOS it's
actually been really interesting ever
since the EU down and now the US
antitrust how quickly apple is running
around trying to be like H um well no no
like we're not
a Apple has further loosened some
restrictions on iOS including now
allowing Retro Game emulators on the IOS
app store and reforming its pairs
pairing it's pairs pairing system it
pairing system to allow more devices to
be salvaged for parts this is pretty
cool news remember we talked recently
about how we you know you you never
report on the good stuff right it's
always about the this is good yeah apple
never had a formal rule against
emulators but it barred apps that ran
external code which included emulators
apple is now explicitly allowing
emulators though they will need to be
age rated in accordance with the most
explicit content available for them and
they must comply with all relevant laws
regarding emulation what was that old
game
Leisure Suit Larry
yeah I knew where's going that's going
to screw up all the emulators yeah uh
anywh who the change is primarily due to
recent regulatory changes in Europe so
yeah I said that Apple was changing
things but realistically what's
happening is Apple is finally being
forced to play nice um Apple has also
announced that it will be working on a
new framework to allow customers and
independent repair shops to use more
existing parts from used devices rather
than blocking their use with software
locks under the assumption that the
salvaged device has been stolen Apple
says this new system will still protect
users privacy this will also include
calibration for used parts after they
are installed so basically they are
finally walking back some of the pairing
that they've been requiring so there was
this whole thing with batteries and with
screens where you could take two
perfectly working iPhones take them
apart switch their screens boot them
back up and you'd get like a depending
on the part you'd get an air message or
you would get hindered
functionality it's almost like it was
never about privacy at all isn't
it yeah cuz now now that it's allowed
they're like we can do it without
compromising privacy it almost never is
it's almost like that was the point the
whole time was that they could or that
was what they could have done the whole
time it's almost like this whole thing
was just made up yeah wow really yeah
you don't say with that said this is
really funny um some Apple Fans don't
seem to appreciate some of their new
freedoms this is great thanks to the EU
we have one more screen during the
iPhone onboarding clown oh no not
everyone knows what a one more browser
is far from it why not ask for a default
music player default mail app default
camera app while we're at
it
unironically that's a really good
idea is it I don't know I don't know if
I care about that personally
I I think for music player I don't I
don't know if I care about camera app
like they like this as far as I can tell
this is them effectively exposing like
the App Store as part of the opening
your phone like no this is this is part
of the um the you can't have Safari just
be the only thing on iOS crack yeah but
they're saying it's uh the onboarding
personally I don't necessarily think
that this needs to be part of the
onboarding it just needs to be something
that you can do oh sure um sure that's
fair enough I mean honestly I don't mind
it at onboarding um I I don't know if I
want every single thing that my phone
can
do I I I don't necessarily want to make
a choice where it now downloads that app
or whatever instantly when I'm trying to
set up a new device that's compromise
kind of annoying one
screen where it has all the default apps
you can click into them and change them
or you can go all the way down and go
continue I'm on board compromise give me
that skip button and then I don't care
yeah because like what if I am an Apple
user that's just like yeah I just want
all the Apple stuff which there's going
to be tons of them and that's the whole
thing that a lot of the people who argue
for apples Walled Garden and Apple's
anti-competitive and anti-consumer
practices will say they'll say well I
just want I don't want to pick I just
want them to tell me what's good they
still can and you can still just use
whatever Apple tells you to use it's
okay it's fine I find it interesting
that Chrome is at like the bottom of the
list well I mean no one said Apple
couldn't maliciously comply I will say
uh I've been using I don't know if I've
talked about this on the show ever I've
been using the Firefox mobile browser
for like a
decade never had a single problem it's
fantastic I have my my uh like URL bar
search bar stuff is that at the bottom I
prefer that a ton it's a user setting
it's stuck for like years it's great I
love Firefox
mobile that's all I have to say that's
it someone was surprised they're like
wait what is that they saw my phone and
they're like what is that I was like
it's my browser like what do you mean it
doesn't look like Chrome I was
like it's not Chrome it's Firefox
they're like use Firefox from like yeah
it's great I don't know you're a liar no
I'm not everyone who uses Firefox lies
you told me that
no no no no all the people not all the
people the cont the context for that was
we did a poll on float plane during the
W show asking what percentage of people
used Firefox and I just knew and then
Luke not right went into our logs for
the actual access well not me AJ did
sorry AJ uh went into our logs for the
percentage of float plane users that use
Firefox and those numbers were not
similar not even sort of close and like
some people are like oh yeah you can
spoof what browser it is and some people
do this for compatibility because a site
will say that it doesn't work with
Firefox but if you just tell it that
you're actually using Chrome instead it
will actually work just
fine uh there's pretty much no way the
amount of people that do that make up
the Gap um I can't say for sure but
pretty much no way this is totally off
topic but do you make that pull
dad is Luca
liar the options are yes and yes but I
use Firefox
they like their polls this is amazing I
get weird with them when we do the super
checks after party the flo plane
exclusive stream oh really yeah uh we
every single time you well like who's
going to win the round and they just
gets
strange I should look into that we have
a we have a view where we can see every
poll ever made and who made it oh really
I didn't know that yeah I should be more
careful um this is just totally off
topic but I was I was looking at the
chats and I'm obviously mostly looking
at float plane chat but twitch chat is
upset because there's another ad
break this is really weird so someone
here turned on ads on Twitch and like
really intrusively um and I turned them
off and then someone here I think Colton
I know yes Colton Colton turned them
back on and said don't touch that
setting anymore we're having ads on on
Twitch and I think they run every 20
minutes for some reason even though the
L show gets
interrupted every 20 minutes on Twitch
for an ad break and there are no ad
breaks on any other platform where it
broadcasts obviously I'm not going to
expect everyone to move over to float
plane where there's a monthly
subscription does YouTube not ad break
during live streams there are we do not
have them enabled on YouTube Ah they're
not enabled I and they're not on
Facebook for sure we also stream on
Facebook what is it about the experience
of watching on Twitch that makes it so
so that no no hold on hold on nobody has
abandoned it in spite of the ad breaks
that are not on other platforms like our
viewership is basically the same as it
always is I have a
theory as much as I hate it despise it
even the people want a smaller internet
they want to just stay on the sites that
they use and if they're twitch frogs
instead of YouTube users they're just
going to stay there they will not have
alternatives
it sucks we had this really cool
internet where there was all these
unique cool websites where people would
do neat things and now there's like like
Justin.tv people use like five websites
and yeah oh there's more than five
websites that are possible I mean
individuals like there's it's very
common that individual people will not
navigate to more than a very very small
handful of websites they'll be like yeah
I'm a Reddit and Facebook and Twitter
user and I Google things sometimes and
that's it
y I can see that it's like oh well want
to do a merch message I need to run to
the washroom I drank this whole thing
sure sure didn't see if I have any for
Luke by the way the results of the poll
are 71% is Luke a liar yes but I use
Firefox which
is I think I actually enjoy that good
job nice yeah I mean they're fun they're
fun I like that yeah um I think I had
one in here for you Luke let me see if I
can find it
none is this the secret part of the show
where I get to talk about slay the Spire
to
oh did they well I was actually wanting
here about kind of gdau and stuff like
that did they pivot oh yeah yeah it's in
gdau hell yeah Sal P to and good so they
did Dancing whatever I always forgot I
already forgot the name of it I got oh
yeah we talked about that last week
dancing dancing duelist yeah so they did
Dancing duelist and gdau and then they
followed through with what they were
talking about by the way dancing duelist
is free you can just go get it it's
great um but yeah they followed through
with it SL SP 2's coming in gdau I
looked at some of the screenshots for SL
the SP 2 and it like looks very similar
and yeah sounds good I'm probably G to
spend uh my whole rest of my life
playing that game so that's
cool I picked up one a while ago called
core keeper which was also done in in
gdo at excellent excellent excellent
engine I found I'm I'm going to I'm
going to give sh Shameless promotion to
someone else um if you YouTube gdau for
tutorial 11 hours it's proba going to
work I bet you it works yeah there's a
video from Clear code the channel is
named clear code it has 1.1 million
views right now is uploaded 9 months ago
just so you can make sure you're finding
the right one it's a 11 and 1 half hour
long tutorial that is called the
ultimate introduction to gdau 4 and if
you look into the the
description there's a part
two
oh hour video and there's a part two for
it and this tutorial is
amazing I I was like having a really
hard time trying to decide between game
maker and gdau because I wanted to do a
two I want to do 2D game development and
this
tutorial being as amazing as it is is
what convinced me to work in gdau
because I actually think right now that
I like the tutorial more than I like the
engine which I don't dislike the engine
at all to be very clear but the tutorial
is just fantastic the person whoever
does clear code um very very very good
explanations really really interesting
order of how they do everything um and
then they do a very good job of
explaining Concepts at a relatively base
level and then uh setting you up for
like okay now here's your challenge
these are the three things that I want
you to do and those things are slightly
more advanced than what they taught you
but you know enough to figure it out
yourself so you have to work through the
engine and see how it works and kind of
navigate things and do it on your own
and then you continue the video and he
teaches you more things and then you
keep going it's very very well done and
it doesn't start losing quality I'm like
4 hours in or something and it's still
amazing um so if you're if you're
interested in game development or gdau
um I would highly recommend checking out
clear code and especially this the
ultimate introduction to clear code
video cuz it's or ultimate introduction
to gdau 4 video because it's it's
fantastic it is super long but
like I was trying to look at some of the
like the shorter more digestible ones
and I'm like yeah this isn't enough of
an introduction right I haven't touched
game engin seriously in a super long
time I really need a deep dive right and
this thing was has been amazing so far
um so yeah check it
out love it next uh hey dlll I'm curius
on your opinions if any on Mega crit
switching from Unity to gdau do you
think more game companies should switch
to open source
engines uh also any updates on LTT
still working at it open source engines
are cool um open source is not like it's
not in my this I'm going to piss some
people off it it doesn't automatically
become the best thing because it is open
source um I really like gdau it seems
great so far um I do not believe that
everyone making a 3D game in unreal
should switch to good um I I don't think
everyone making a 2d game in game makers
should switch to gdo there might be some
decent Arguments for people making
anything in unity switching to anything
else um but those are those are based on
like business practices stuff like that
um but there there are really good
things about open source and one of the
things that can be scary about open
source is the abandonment of projects
and things like that um something that
can maybe increase confidence is when
you start seeing bigger companies bigger
groups um get getting behind and using
different open source projects megga
crit um moving to gdau and releasing
eventually in 2025 SL Spire 2 in gdau
could be very big for gdau adoption and
be very important
um but I don't know enough I'm not here
to recommend anything in that realm I am
a novice I'm just having fun going
through that tutorial so I don't know
whatever Alexander asks lonus will you
be going on to the yard at the end of
this month lwig said you'll be coming
on yes nice I'm going to be on the yard
it's going to be awesome I'm going down
there for a collab uh we're going to do
the Bro versus bro thing I'm probably
going to lose so that's cool I I suspect
you might get more
canceled from being on there than being
on here really well I'm just hearing
this now so I'm assuming I won't be
there and those guys are going to have a
very fun time seeing how far you'll go
on things I'm sure
oh you've never heard the podcast have
you no no it's going to be sick I mean I
went on uh KB mod it's great back in the
day I didn't get any trouble for that
don't know if you should have brought
that up or
[Laughter]
not fair enough I'm sure it'll be great
I am mildly concerned that's all I'll
say oh wait KB Modo PKA that's the one
yeah oh Painkiller Already yeah yeah
yeah yeah I thought that was what wait
hold on what was uh I thought kbod and
PKA had something to do with each other
hold
on hold on uh no maybe they have nothing
to do with each other okay no I
completely forgot well cool apparently I
don't even know what podcast I've been
on so this is good we're off to a really
good start
here very commonly does podcast
appearances no I I don't even though
this is my that was the whole point he
does one every Friday what is wrong with
you oh my
goodness wait I did do
kbod I'm pretty sure that's me I don't
know look at sad Linus oh
boy um hold
on
okay yes I I did
both so yeah nice that's
good
sure yep sponsored by Squarespace good
stuff I mean if Squarespace sponsors it
can't be that bad what do you mean
memory of a goldfish it was N9 years ago
I don't remember almost anything from
back then I'm supposed to remember every
and I kind of remembered every podcast I
was on 9 years ago you technically
remembered both of them KB mod was 10
years ago you just thought it might have
been one or the other I don't even
remember um who was on
it
uh okay wow yeah that's wild does this
still exist this is this still a thing
oh yeah no the last thing they did was 5
years ago okay
uh okay wait who kbod kod yeah yeah I
don't think that's been a thing for a
bit okay
um PKA seems to still exist though oh
yeah 100% they're talking about OJ
Simpson huh all right well uh yeah he
like died yeah
yeah neat karma's a
[Music]
[__] probably took a little long let's
do the next merch message okay no I I
want to J multiple minutes of this has
been uh let's see let's see um maybe
maybe they won't be the problem oh maybe
it'll just be you lus is going to get
them cancelled yeah my my whole thought
process here is like the yard boys are
going to get lonus to go too far on
something and now it's like you know
luuka can handle it maybe maybe they'll
be Li is getting the yard guys to go too
far you and slime is going to be a
genuinely intrig ring
combination I'm excited I'll definitely
listen to that
episode next one all right let's see uh
how about a quick one hi LC lus and Dan
tall sizes soon please I beg you to give
I want to give you my
money
yes uh hi lonus and Luke I work with a I
work with a nonprofit and I'm looking to
start a camp for kids on building
computers how would you go about
sourcing Hardware without the option of
electronics
recycler you don't um there's just
there's uh it's not going to happen
basically um there's no one who's going
to Pony up that
Hardware like why um and if you're like
oh well I could just take older stuff
they're going to say well where would I
get that um at the kind of volumes that
you would need because the answer is
going to be a hardware recycler so
either you go to a hardware recycler or
they go to a hardware recycler it's just
um it's just not going to it's not going
to work um the cost of this stuff like I
think that a lot of people have this
perception that if something costs $100
well the M or like if if the price the
retail price is $100 well probably the
manufacturing cost is what like 20 bucks
like I see that I see that a lot whether
it's our screwdriver or whether it's uh
you know our own merch where I really do
know the cost I know what they are um or
whether it's computer hardware product
where I understand enough to understand
the costs I see people have this
perception that like I'm going to I'm
spending $500 on a TV at Best Buy I'm
getting ripped I'm getting ripped man
$500 for a TV like right but people who
made it need to be paid and so that's
that's how that works right like the
Best Buy does not have a ton of margin
on a $500 TV I can tell you that with
100% confidence um and so even at the
manufacturing level the IT industry is
notoriously cut throat for margins so
they might
have 15 20 points on a motherboard so
that $100 motherboard is 80 bucks how
many kids are you planning to have at
this Camp if I mean it's not much of a
camp unless it's like 50 or something
right like what's what's a camp exactly
to you so they're going to give you what
motherboards times 50 even if it's 20
like this is actually a ton of money
you're asking for if you want computers
for them to build so this is the kind of
thing that over time you're going to
have to acquire non-working Hardware
because if the goal is just for them to
build it kind of more fun anyways
doesn't have to function um well not
even that so my I've told the story
before but in high school my computers
teacher um found a way to acquire I'll
I'll speed through it partially found a
way to acquire a whole bunch of
non-working PCS and then we we built a
computer lab for the school out of these
non-working PCS by sifting through them
and finding what Parts worked figured
out what motherboards were working CPUs
were working Ram was working Etc and
building custom computers for this whole
computer lab and it was great it was a
really fun experience you might be able
to do that as well if there's like a
recycler in the area that will allow you
to uh take some stuff for this
experience which might be a thing I
don't
know and guys like it's there's no award
for being wrong on the internet I think
twitch chat has lost their chat
privileges for today it's terrible take
line is saying this while these
companies are making record profits guys
Best Buy is not making record profits
it's not Pand it's not the pandemic
anymore people aren't buying computers
yeah your grocery store probably is but
that doesn't mean that that's true of
every single company it's not that's not
how these things work um
Industries bust and they boom um and no
like there there isn't a ton of money in
being an Electronics retailer if there
was everyone would do it it wouldn't be
Consolidated down to just a hand full of
remaining
options good old twitch
anyway uh sure yeah let's do one more
hey definitely not late. DLo I heard a
long time ago that having a hard drive
at close to or at capacity negatively
affects performance of the drive is that
still a thing with newer drives like
m.2
uh yeah yes
um although for different reasons on
hard drives the issue was the
fragmentation of the files that would
occur as they filled up over time so as
you installed the game um and then put
some media files and then install
another game and then put some
dependencies that are needed for a game
and and essentially filled up the
concentric circles that make up the
platter uh you would end up with in many
cases um applications or even individual
files that had pieces of them kind of
spread out all over the platter
efficiently organized when you have a
physical needle that is moving back and
forth seeking to access that data
there's a delay as it goes around
searching all over the disc for the
pieces that it needs uh so what you
would do is you would kind of um
reorganize it to put all the data that
goes together together to make it so
that you're doing less seeking uh with
ssds um everything is just handled on an
address basis there is no physical
seeking time there it does still take
time but it's not from moving a physical
object where you run into trouble with
ssds is in the same in a similar way um
you can
have
um you can have junk on the disc that
isn't what you need I shouldn't say dis
because it's not a disc you can have
junk on the drive that isn't what you
need um in a space that okay I shouldn't
say similar it's not that similar so you
can have junk on the drive that you
don't need but hasn't been fully removed
because that's not as efficient it's not
as uh good for the drives longevity
because nand Flash has a finite number
of right cycles that it can survive
before it just gives up the ghost so
what happens is when you fill a drive
you uh and then and then delete a file
it's just sort of Shadow deleted it's
not really deleted until such time as
you actually need to overwrite it until
you actually need to fill up that space
so what happens then is instead of just
a right operation it needs to do uh a
full program eray cycle it needs to
actually wipe it then write it and in
some cases having a really full drive
can mean that there are bits of data in
some places and bits of data in other
places that aren't Consolidated which is
kind of similarish to what we would see
with hard drives and when the drive is
very full the odds that you're going to
hit a block that needs to um be erased
and then Rewritten somewhere else and
then written to um in order for it to
stay organized is much much higher this
is like a super super crappy explanation
of it but this is off the top of my head
and I haven't looked at garbage
collection trim and nand dat
organization in a while this is a
situation you should point to like a
tech Wiki or something I'm fairly
certain we have Tech wikies on these
topics
basically yes being more full means
there's less room for this data
organization to take place and it can be
more delayed you can also have just
annoyances with like temp file overflows
and stuff like that and it's bad for the
longevity of the drive as well because
the more shuffling it has to do for
every write operation the more
unnecessary writing that you're
doing
Dan oh are we doing topics now let's do
it LTT Labs Nicholas if that is your if
if you're who I think you are you should
get a uh icon message me next
week oh guest Labs will just have to
test drives at various levels of fill
and wear I mean yeah kind
of oh that's great internalized
screaming Texas schools Embrace AI
grading the Texas Education Agency will
be replacing human graders not fully
replacing but certainly
significantly
augmenting I shouldn't say augmenting
because they're replacing some the human
graders are yeah some of them are gone
yeah so we'll be replacing some of their
human graders with an Autos scoring
engine and this is not for multiple
choice this is for written questions on
standardized tests with the only
exception being tests written in Spanish
if the AI indicates it has low con
confidence in its score the test will be
referred to a human grader for review
with the human grader score overruling
the AIS if there's a disagreement
between the two scores Texas
estimates that
75% of tests will be graded without
being sent for further review they
estimate this will save 15 to $20
million a year annually by hiring only a
third as many temporary graders every
year the state has insist that while the
auto scoring engine is based on similar
technology to GPT 4 it will have
systemic systematic oversight from
humans it won't learn from one response
to the next but always defer to its
original programming set up by the
state it was apparently trained on 3,000
past tests that went through two rounds
of review by human graders and is
intended to give the same grade as a
human grer would have the decision
follows a 2023 redesign of the star
standardized assignment assessment to
include fewer multiple choice questions
and six times more open-ended questions
which actually seems like a good idea
having you know students answer with
open-ended questions I guess they're
just like well um this is a lot of work
to grade so I guess we'll just have a
machine do it which um yeah critics have
raised concerns that a machine may not
be able to recognize and reward
creativity or
originality three 3,000 seems like not a
lot of Prior tests huh honestly no also
a person 123 in full plane chat said
this is even worse than it seems because
those temporary graders I didn't put
this together those temporary graders uh
who were losing their jobs were
generally Texas teachers trying to
augment their crappy
salaries didn't think about that that
makes sense that's
rough cool
yeah controversial
take when did tax priorities shift from
roads schools
libraries first and then other stuff
defense realistically doesn't have to be
like all of it but there should be some
when did it shift from that first then
everything else to like Rando programs
and vanity projects and then I guess if
we have anything left over I guess we'll
pay teachers something we can we can
call teachers when did when when when
exactly did that happen I know I'm just
wondering just curious because like I
pay a lot of taxes I wouldn't mind if
they went to
schools schools seem cool Trudeau is
investing some billions of dollars in
AI yeah but our government is also
investing in subsidies for homeowners
instead of just allowing the market to
fall so that people can actually afford
the houses they're just giving rent
subsidies that is actually not the
solution it's totally to let the
property values go up so the property
taxes go up so you can give a pittance
of that money to the people who now have
unaffordable rent so they can give more
money to land land owners brilliant who
can then pay more property taxes it's
great it's a perpetual motion machine
good job flawless flawless Victory
stupid all
I wouldn't necessarily have a huge
problem with this if I think we were
like way down the line from where we are
now this is way massively too early you
can't put this stuff in a position where
it could have any amount of impact on
someone's future um CU it's like oh yeah
humans will grade it if if you know it
has a low confidence but what if it is
highly confidently incorrect which we
have seen many
times and then if you can dispute it and
it will be graded by a real person then
everyone's going to just dispute it and
you didn't gain anything
anyways I don't
know dumb next
topic
sure what's happening with YouTube
playables at some point last year
YouTube added playables games that you
can play directly on the platform via
desktop or mobile devices as an
experimental feature according to
YouTube's experiments page playables
were supposed to be available until the
28th of March of this year however
there's still a support page for
playables and they are still accessible
on both desktop and Android devices at
the time of writing this based on
reporting and uh this post which I'm
assuming he's loading up no he's not uh
from the LTD subreddit not many people
seem to Know YouTube playables even
exist Poss because they seem to be only
accessible through the explore section
of YouTube site and mobile app
which I don't think I've ever clicked on
in my
life discussion question why do these
exist Why didn't YouTube kill them when
they said they would what does this
seeming ignorance surrounding the
existence of playable say about
YouTube's
uiux I don't know but I'm in
raptured this game does not look fun
what is that
you draw new draw the legs
yeah okay that that actually sounds a
little bit more fun than I thought it's
playable I claimed 10 coin units what
does that mean what do you use those for
how do you buy more of them speed level
15 searching for an opponent no way it's
multiplayer whoa that guy's got like
spring legs okay do your legs
suck o okay let's go let's go come on
give me some let's go oh let's go I want
a piece wait did your leg break what
happened to my leg did my leg break can
you draw new legs at any time I need
longer legs is what I need
boom Oh I'm getting tuned here you can
draw I'm going fast so there's there's
probably some Theory to changing your
legs depending on the terrain yeah you
got schooled I think you want shorter
legs for going uphill I'm suddenly
interested in this game wait you can
level up your speed though that seems
stupid oh so other people just have like
better speed Maybe wait am I just
playing the same guy that's stupid or
maybe it's just an AI like a
bot what's happening oh no it has to be
an AI because it slows down while I'm
drawing well well no not necessarily cuz
they could record the inputs from the
other players so they don't have to
match like yeah oh I see what you mean
yeah so wait it's just going to stay
slow while I decide when I want to put
my small legs on infinite slowmo cuz I
like yeah this this seems like a hack
it's like an early 2000s game that
you're doing built-in pre-made cheats on
yeah exactly also why do I not fall does
gravity no longer apply to us do you
just win the game because you went
slow-mo I think so I think if I just
keep this held that's so I will sick I
will not fall that's so cool genuinely
love that I don't think
so apparently I'm Falling Slowly says
the chat are you but I'm not sure if I
I'm not sure if I believe it really
doesn't seem like it I think I fell a
lot faster before yeah exactly I don't
think you were this high up before so
there's there's at least some amount of
effect whether or not it's like you know
super noticeable or not I don't know
Urban fervor says I have a career in
play testing yeah this man I broke this
game faster than I break
Linux are you sure yeah I think so it
did it took me a little while to break
Linux the last couple of times I broke
it yeah fair enough like I am not
falling
is your leg going to collide with this
portion no I don't think so I'm pretty
sure I'm still above it you're high
Danny's got nothing on me
yeah I'm so engaged right now see oh it
gets pretty close I think I think hold
on wait for it I think it might no no
are they both the same life yeah oh it
did oh speed boost let's go that's
huge hold on is it going to catch it is
it going to catch it I no longer think
so right by it you're going fast now
though
O So Danny seems to have his own glitch
problem this is my favorite part of the
show so far I think this is awesome I
love that we have so many people
watching you just like
float very slowly through the air you
might say they're in a plane oh hey so
good I'm invested at this point though I
want to see what on Earth is going on so
so this is a YouTube playable uh
something that I mean I didn't know they
existed at all and apparently a lot of
other people didn't know they existed
either because they were tucked away
under the explore button on YouTube
which I suspect most people didn't click
on there was a discussion question which
is what does this seemingly seeming
ignorance surrounding the existence of
playable say about YouTube's uiux and in
my opinion they just have so much stuff
going on that adding things like this
it's very hard to get visibility on it
why can't I be watching a short at the
same
time this is a m opportunity honestly if
they had short autoc scrolling where
after it finished playing one video it
would just scroll to the next and you
could play these playables on the side
move over Subway Surfers I bet you it
would kill I don't think I would
sleep yeah I um honestly I'm sort of at
the point now where I just kind of wish
that YouTube would do what it does holy
crap it glitched in a new way I'm not
moving
anymore uhoh I am static are we both
static you can see the bar at the top oh
no he's moving he's moving I'm not
moving
okay oh
no look it has line ofz legs oh he's
going to beat you he's flying that
no no no no I got this i got this are
you kidding
me no okay that wasn't
cool all my hopes and dreams are gone
well
all right I think that was my last
attempt at that yep so these are these
are the games this there's no mic
transactions or anything even I don't
know oh for now like who's who's making
these I don't boy drag to aim release to
shoot I mean uh but sure wait so they
have YouTube officially has a game with
explosions and you kill people there's a
lot of blood as well yeah but like it's
Angry Birds Luke yeah there's blood he's
spurting blood he's dismembered and you
shot someone with an RPG YouTube is full
of all kinds of things yeah but they
like don't want to be full of this stuff
they don't but then they have video
games of it I don't know I think that
YouTube mostly oh yeah lob it it has on
it whatever it needs to have on it this
guy played Flash games in the 2000s yeah
boys this man worms Oh well you are
failed okay hold on a
where are these games even coming from
game over
yeah you're a fail oh no want to crush
me at chess no I'm terrible I don't I
haven't played in a long time I'd be
really bad to I'm there's no way you're
worse than me I fall off so fast it's
weird no man there's no way you're worse
than me weird running pet deck what is
this who made these games I got to like
1100 or 1200 or something and then
stopped playing and just sort of fell
off I think I got to 11 or 12 no years
old oh yeah like honestly there's no
way tap to play Roll whoa oh laggy whoa
is it laggy on your screen oh yeah oh
buddy what what is happening jump can
you jump or Crouch sorry can I down
arrow no s oh oh okay W or up Arrow yeah
okay so yeah the arrows
work the
ramp coins Sonic the cat wait I
can't wait what the oh dang hold on I'm
so confused sometimes the arrow keys
work sometimes they don't tap here to
build a room the arrow keys are not
working right now build a room what I
don't want to build a room get a room oh
I don't care oh I have to buy a sofa oh
I think this one has premium currency oh
my god oh check that out at the top of
the diamonds wait don't you might have
things connected to this laptop because
you refuse to follow rules okay
selected roll like do they mean like
Avatar how do I play just okay tap to
play okay here we go here we go okay
okay the controls are working now so
that's a big Improvement oh whoops
whoops whoops whoops whoops okay so can
I okay but why would I do that instead
of just going for the coins like that
seem seems stupid sometimes it might
make sense can I jump over okay yeah can
I jump over this car yeah I can yeah dog
let's go jump from thing to thing W oh I
bet you better press it twice though ah
interesting you can't hold it oh I
pressed both this keyboard is really not
in the ideal configuration for game has
one of those combined up and downs so
anyway back to back to playables um yeah
so that's something they have I feel
like YouTube is just kind of losing its
identity a little bit and I've felt this
way about yeah everything from stories
to shorts to uh being a place to rent
movies like I just I kind of
don't I kind of don't understand what
YouTube wants to be why not just be
YouTube if it's all video I sort of get
it I blame
capitalism because the only way to have
infinite growth is to have infinite
number of products at a certain point
you're going to be saturated in terms of
what you serve
long but that's not what inv demand
investors demand grow and when you
already I mean YouTube at some point I
forget this is like four or five years
ago stopped regularly talking about
their growth in daily active users
because it was like over a billion it's
like well or not daily monthly or
whatever it was they stopped talking
about it regularly and it's just like
like if we if we want more people in the
platform we need the world to birth more
people yeah the only way for us to grow
is to extract more value out of the
people that exist rather than hoping
that there will be more at some point
and it's
just I don't know this kind of sucks
apparently the currency there there's no
microtransactions
apparently
yet yeah I'm I'm sure the whole thing is
position for that hurts just these Test
games don't have any I'm hurt in better
news Roku has filed a patent for a
technology that would allow its TVs to
detect when you've paused a device
that's connected via HDMI such as a game
console so the TV can show you
ads can you can you we've already talked
about this can you um can you file a pat
we've totally talked about this can you
file a patent um and then can can you
like file a patent so that no one can do
a
thing I mean I guess like could you file
this patent and then be like yeah we
filed this patent because we thought
someone might do this and we were like
no it's really I shouldn't say really
expensive but it does cost money and
time
to file patents and filing defensive
patents on behalf of consumers would
probably be a fruitless Endeavor yeah
given the ease with which large
companies can sort of look if they can
get around each other's patents they can
get around yours is all I have to say
about that and they have a lot more
resources to do it I wasn't suggesting
this as a thing that we do to be very
clear cool yeah yeah no I do not have
unlimited money to do that it was not
the goal at at
all donate to that cause I was trying to
make a joke about like maybe they're
doing this knowing that they weren't so
like a
crowdsourced A
crowdsourced or like
crowdfunded organization like a not
for-profit that basically preemptively
files patents for terrible ideas that
are
anti-consumer I still don't think it
would work it would be funny
um yeah was that a topic in the do cuz
we absolutely talked about that last
week or a previous week how did we oh I
didn't think we did well whatever in
case anyone missed it like I did in
addition to detecting when you've paused
the patent also suggests methods to
identify what was displayed in the frame
before you paused and use that
information to show you more relevant
ads I don't think we had that
information I think we knew that they
were doing something with ads and
consoles and stuff like that so so you
guys know
if this is implemented you could be
using your Roku brand TV as just a
display okay you could be completely
ignoring roku's streaming service's
software and their smartness and all
that
stuff but another device that is plugged
into one of the TV's HDMI ports could be
read essentially like what was on it you
could be watching something intimate for
example
and that could be used to serve you a
targeted
ad would the targeted ad be before if
you were watching something intimate on
your TV like a dating service there's
kids watching okay
stop it'd be something be fun to think
about it'd be something and it would be
somewhere in between you know A Hard
Solid and a liquid
nice thanks it's pretty good thanks
moving on hot singles in your area man
so many of the ads I get served are that
like the second I hit my
mid-30s was like do you want to have an
affair it's like how many times I have
to tell you no I'm good thank you but
you might today yeah but but look how
hot the women in your area are I'm like
those aren't
real I've seen I've seen the women in my
area no no I'm that's that's just a joke
when I travel the pictures of the women
in my area are the same what is it I've
seen the women in my area and they're
not this person that's not to say they
don't seem great good
personalities you know healthy hair I
get nice what What minus once in a
woman it's very your hair healthy it's
extremely important to me it's a it's
sorry it's a it's a Bob's Burger's
reference sorry we we get along really
well but you just have too many split
ends yeah um look okay I need to explain
this it's a Bob's Burger's reference
okay Louise is trying to get um Pockets
no Regular Size Rudy to not have a crush
on her and she's like do do you like
eating boogers I eat my boogers all the
time and he basically goes oh well the
whites of your eyes are bright and your
hair is healthy and your fingernails
have or whatever uh I can't say that I'm
into it but you keep doing you sister
like it doesn't matter very accepting um
The Return of dumb
phones uh yeah sure what is this article
did you pick this one yeah interest in
Dumb phones has increased in recent
years with many people being concerned
about the addictive nature of social
media and constant online connectivity
dumb Wireless Great Name an e-commerce
site specializing in Dumb phones and
smartphone restriction launched in 2022
in March of 2023 the site sold about
$7,000 worth of products last month it
sold okay all right didn't see that
twist coming so March 2023 they sold 7
Grand worth of products last month it
sold over $70,000 worth of products uh
startup Light released the Light phone 2
in 2019 a smartish phone with a
monochrome touchscreen and a limited
library of custom apps light's Revenue
doubled from 2022 to 2023 and is on
track to double again this year
according to the New Yorker the startups
Founders say some of the most willing
Light phone converts are gen zers there
are several dumb Solutions in addition
to fully dumb phones there are also
phones like the light phone 2 which has
apps for directions as well as music and
podcast libraries some people only use
dumb phones when they go out switching
to a smartphone when they get home
interesting uh there are also companies
like brick and unplug they restrict the
UI and apps on your phone only allowing
you to access blocked apps when you tap
an NFC key that you can take with you
leave at home or with a trusted person
or ditch
completely
interesting I uh I just don't think I
could handle it I I kind of want to try
it I kind of want to do like a one-
Monon thing but every time I bring it up
people internally are like no we
actually need to be able to reach you
and I'm like
okay honestly though like if it wasn't
for work I could probably be a dumb
phone user yeah like I never go anywhere
anyway I just sit at my desktop I wonder
if one of these like I wonder if one of
these what am I'm going to do go see my
friends
maybe sorry I wonder if one of these
light phones would be able to support uh
Communications like slack and teams and
whatnot I could see that but I mean it's
funny
how aware I am of how many people use
teams for their social
life definitely a
thing yeah so yeah I don't know I don't
know if it would help that much fair
enough y you shouldn't do that by the
way yeah it's like actually a bad idea
like you really shouldn't for real
um when you depart said company yeah
that company can retain all of the
messages yes and you can't retain all
the messages unless I guess you like
copy paste them maybe there's a data
dump feature for users I don't know but
like you won't have that user account
anymore so you should use other ones and
even if you could dump that data you
should be extremely careful with it
because it might be covered by your
organization's NDA for example and it
might not even be things you said it
might be something that someone said to
you but by the time you extract that
data from their service that they pay
for and it leaks uh well the
responsibility wasn't your friend
because they sent an internal
communication to an internal person that
wasn't them that's on you so someone in
chat saying there is teams for personal
use he's talking about using work
accounts that's yeah he's specifically
talking about using work accounts don't
use work stuff for personal stuff
just don't do it um
Flo plane chat it's talking about killed
by google.com yeah we are only a quarter
of the way into 2024 and boy do they
ever have some doozies uh Google domains
was oh actually technically that was the
end of last year I don't know what Keen
is I don't care but Google podcast was
killed 11 days ago is done uh drop cam
do you remember drop cam yeah that
became nestcam boom done dead killed 5
days ago uh Jam board we already knew
about Google Jam board is just other
more different Jam board because Google
is VPN by Google one is dying VPN by
Google one kicking the bucket in N9
months it will be about four years
old dang apparently pixel VPN remains
what's the difference I don't
know I mean I'm often confused by
differences in back end for services
that appear to be exactly the same thing
like I I I there was something with the
mobile app uh for YouTube studio and I
was like well like you have the the data
it's in the desktop app and they're like
yeah but it has a different back end and
I'm like [__]
why I don't always know but actually why
I don't always
know I am
uninformed need view count database
lookup location XY return reasons for
apps if if they're even pretty similar
like I kind of understand why the teams
work and team's personal accounts are
different I wish they weren't both
called teams because it's really
annoying when I'm trying to launch one
of them called personal one MSN
Messenger let's go yes please like come
on uh or something else whatever it is
just don't have multiple names for
effectively the same thing anyways um I
I I get that but in some of these cases
yeah I have no
idea no
idea anyways moving on should we do the
udio thing yeah let's do it Sora for
music former Google deepmind Engineers
David Ding and Andrew Sanchez have
launched yio a platform for creating AI
generated music it already features
tremendous tracks like wow I didn't know
that is that the name of it that's the
name of the track
apparently quotes maybe but do you want
to do you want to listen to it together
should we finish the stuff listen to it
or listen to it together first got it
okay are we we're not playing it over
stream we're just yeah yeah we can play
it over stream that is apparently the
name of the track it's wow I didn't know
that oh yeah it has 70,000 playbacks
apparently hold on this wasn't the one
that I wanted to
um hold on let me see let me open up my
teams for
work uh this this wasn't the this wasn't
the song that I had wanted to listen to
uh okay yeah this is great how do I get
this link to myself hold on what's the
name of it when you just search it
that's a Twitter
link okay so I need to send it to LTT
when uh Dan are we able to listen to
this together with the stream
yeah that shouldn't be a problem okay
maybe not on your phone but no no no no
no no I'm sending it to myself okay so
first let's listen to wow I didn't know
that together is this is this going to
work oh well it helps to not have my
audio muted
here we go oh also it helps to be
connected to the right thing okay Dan
you got sound from me yeah I saw a
dingle bing bing bing okay here we go
let's
[Music]
see I tell youas I've been C out doing
something I really shouldn't going to
plead ignorance going to tell them about
how if I known better I just
wouldn't we're in so much
[Music]
trouble when they say drinking turentine
they where it's at insurance
[Music]
brme that bad
scroll down a bit I want to see the
lyrics it's on my screen oh you got
it oh my
gosh
so um that's a thing that exists yeah
we're totally screwed uh hold on that
was not actually the one that I wanted
you to hear
that blew my mind uh this was tweeted by
ABC Dent mind Ed
um they said I found an account on yud
that is mostly generating songs about
how his friend s sh his pants don't
work oh my gosh okay you guys ready for
this one yeah I got it muted for now all
right I got you here we
go well he works 9 to and he's a hell of
a guy but he sitting his pants at
work oh Seth why' you have to
[Music]
goasts
um so yeah oh wow Get Wrecked Seth not
going to lie hadn't heard that country
song One
H I would unironically listen to
that so some dude talking about
how uh insurance fraud is a federal
crime told them it kind of reminds me of
the song online by Brad Paisley which is
like one of my favorite like parody
songs yeah like I I mentioned like we're
in trouble and someone in chat was like
yeah I don't think yet people would
listen to this stuff that that country
song about well I didn't know that
people will absolutely listen to it was
well produced as well yeah that messed
me up actually ninja man asked that just
now and you were way ahead of him what
does Dan think about these since he has
experience in Productions sometimes you
can hear vocal issues but is there
things that the Layman might not notice
here like it's pretty obvious to me that
they're hiding behind like with these
genres and with the styles of both of
these they're hiding behind kind of
a kind of a um a more analog sound
a little bit like I think they might be
masking some lack of clarity that way um
I've heard better voices on the country
one but the uh the like the 50s swing
Bop Seth pooping one uh her voice was
very clean um I've also heard a lot of
people that take normal talking and will
turn them into singing voices or make
singing voices out of characters and
those are kind of similar to the the
tambra of the like
the country guy but this the backing
music was far too good and that was very
concerning mindblowing absolutely
incredible I wish I could see the prompt
like how did how did you get
it how did you get it to write this oh
maybe you feed it the lyrics I don't
know maybe I mean obviously the Seth one
probably no because you could just tell
it like the person's name is Seth like
it might do the writing so anyway udio
will generate two 32 second songs from a
written prompt giving users a choice
over which they would like to use the
song can then be extended by adding
sections before or after the original
clip with up to 10 sections total the
extensions can be made with the same
prompt or a completely different one the
platform plans to up plans updates with
more musician focused tools like being
able to add reference vocals easy import
of external tracks and more granular
creation options this comes just a
couple of weeks after 200 plus music
artists signed an open letter in attempt
in an attempt to prevent the creation of
exactly the type of tool that udio is
having said that udo's Founders claim
they have strong copyright protection
measures in place so you can't reference
any specific artist and any track that
sounds like an artist will be blocked uh
LT community members made an AI song
about pilk AKA Pepsi milk shall we
listen
Dan are you ready I'm ready here's ready
well maybe not my
[Music]
soul or graphics cards in play it's
about a strange concoction we sit
today mixing Pepsi and milk a cure M
Delight life is TPS
in the
[Music]
world and
expl back to the one unexpected
expl oh it's got the formula down like
perfect no oh man
tast this one has some some hints of
aess oh yeah yeah yeah but there's
there's groups that actually do that
that's true that's the they have the
formula down they have the the like
structure down they have the strange
modulations down it might actually be
more modulation more interesting to
listen to than modern pop music because
it will do weird things that you're not
expecting using the pop formula so these
might actually be more
dopamine inducing cheesecake brain than
actual pop
music a well that's depressing thanks
cheesecake I use oh oh yeah that might
be my
term uh okay never mind pop music
triggers with like the cheesecake reflex
I call it uh your brain loves sugar and
salt by the way I thought you might like
this we lus and I have been playing this
game uh called tape to tape which is
very fun but uh the developer behind it
is called excellent rectangle nice hell
yeah I like their logo yeah video game
Studio that's that's all you need to
know about
them that's great what oh never mind
okay I saw people also SE for search for
and I saw slapshot rebound and I thought
it was like they also made and I was
like no way Slap Shot rebound sick too
uh but tape tape to tape we've been
having a lot of fun with it's a rogue
light you go through a campaign you play
against teams that have various types of
completely unfair Buffs there's
basically no rules
whatsoever um oh sick
pass it's fun yeah it's it's it's dumb
fun um supports multiplayer support is a
little complicated because it only
supports local couch multiplayer so you
can use Steam remote play but if you
want to play with five people on a team
Steam remote play only supports four
controllers so we had to have one person
or we had to have two people side by
side in the same place that was me and
Ivon last night and then she was on the
keyboard and I was on the controller and
then we were able to have three more
controllers remote in that was the only
way we could get five players working so
if anyone from valve is watching who
works on remote play or anything like
that um hey could we have a couple more
controllers supported in remote play
that would be sick obviously this is a n
use case but it's the kind of thing that
every once in a while a valve person
will just be like he that's a good idea
maybe I'll just make that because I
don't know if I even have a real boss
anyway uh so if if that situation is
going on right now um we'd be super into
that I've got I've got one final thought
on this if I can
interject um uh when is it going to be
able to make like Death Grips songs you
know uh that's that's the thing is is a
lot of these are trained on massive
amounts of the most generic thing so
like pop music is dead like this just
kills pop music just like uh you know
the AR art gener ators are killing uh
single person pinup art um but if you're
going to get weird right or like or like
Environ like backgrounds do you know
what I mean did hold on hold on what did
you just
describe like thirsty commissions as
single person pinup art yeah because
that is the most apt description I have
ever heard for anything
ever carry on yeah you know okay we got
a beautiful painted background right
nobody's going to do those anymore but
like Death Grips or any of the other
really strange kind of out there uh
types of so what you're saying is humans
have a niche it's just very weird yeah
yeah humans are going to make the weird
stuff and then the the boring is Death
Grips the band where everyone gets
pissed off if people don't record their
concerts because they often have songs
that they only play at like I I have no
idea I used to I used to despise them
because they were kind of outside of
that uh understanding I don't find
artists that I'm like I don't get this
very often and then Adam made me listen
to them a lot and and he said that they
were good and so I had to revisit it now
I get it I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure
that's Death Grips
probably yeah I don't know uh I ended up
on the subreddit because we were looking
at that uh generated song and apparently
mods at r/ the crew are shutting down
any discussion of Ubisoft revoking
players license keys so that's
bad do they have a pin post about it by
any
chance over on r/ the crew yeah not sure
that's a good question though I want to
go check because sometimes mods will do
thatc is it actually just r/ the crew
because there's nine
members what is the what is the actual
sub R SL the crew I don't know maybe
it's
not hold on this has like 1 and half
th000 votes though I don't think they
made it up no I don't think so either
I'm just wondering what the actual
subreddit is I don't know I don't see a
link to it they've also locked the
thread explaining why they removed the
first thread because no one was buying
it oh it's it's written incorrectly it's
the underscore crew oh yeah there you go
there's a problem come on
op in other news um our short circuit
for these wireless routers is finally
live
yeah we we do uh we do a little bit of
real world testing with them could a
minion router be any good no
Luke why are you such a downer seriously
like do does that make you happy to be
unhappy Yes except I'm not unhappy but
it makes me happy to be a downer about
that so you want everyone else to be
unhappy because you should just buy a
normal one and then if you really want
to be a minion you just make it look
like a
minion you don't need to buy like
products that are just super weirdly
branded and probably U priced like a
huge amount for no reason it's very
unnecessary just modify it make it your
own there are yeah I don't
know I don't think this happened I do
know sometimes that like users won't
really understand the pressure that
moderators come under when things are
going just absolutely wild yep um and
what can sometimes happen which doesn't
really look like this happened so I
don't know but what I was kind of
talking about there what was what can
sometimes happen is they'll let one post
through and like pin it and then just
delete everything else because they're
like we don't want to sift through all
this and try to figure this out um but
yeah I don't know I could write Better
lyrics than that AI song Sorry I was
just looking at the lyrics I'm sure you
were saying something interesting very
good which one thee P turpentine oh yeah
yeah was that on the same udio was that
on udio or was that on sonno people are
talking about
son
UMO Sono
whatever wild uh also I was listening to
you were saying people on Reddit single
pinned post I think this is going to
become I don't know why why is there so
many more sonno posts in I can 100% see
people just putting on play me some
here's here's some songs I like play me
some random [__] that is stuff I
might like and then you just thumbs up
and thumbs down and then it just
algorithmically feeds
you literally an unlimited fire hose of
new music you've never heard of and I
use the term music uh with finger quotes
uh for the rest of your life like this
is this is life changing you know how
sometimes there'll be like an
alternative YouTube platform that'll go
up and they'll get promoted like crazy
and then you go on there and all the
videos have like 10 views that's not the
case I'm on sonno sonno shows off things
more than yudo as far as I can tell I
only ate three cheeseburgers has a quar
million
plays um scroll down a little bit uh cat
has almost half a
million capy Bara has over a quarter
million of course we're taking their
word for this yes that's a pretty big
deal deep Knight has a quarter
million it's very easy and quite common
uh to I'll just say um that view counts
are not not always super accurate it's
very easy for them to not be super
accurate and I think it's I have
personally deemed that a decent amount
of it is intentional so maybe but I have
no idea I've never heard of the site but
a lot of people in chat had known about
it the second we started talking about
udio people were posting a bunch of
links from suo
Wild uh Instagram is going to be adding
a new filtering feature which detects
and blurs images that are likely to
contain nudity this filtering will
reportedly use on device analysis so
that's good meaning that it also works
with endtoend encryption the feature
will also prompt users who appear to be
attempting to send a nude photo to think
twice before sending nude images nudity
filtering will be turned on by default
for all users under 18 meaning Instagram
is
dead no they'll just lie about what age
they are I don't know I don't know if
they if they're doing this presumably
they have some kind of intent to enforce
this
I don't think it's going to be that hard
for them to figure out if users under
the legal age are sending nudity of
themselves like oh I see um and uh yeah
I I thought of this as uh wait hold on
yeah I think the filter is
for receivers of the images yes yeah not
senders I think the warning is just for
senders yeah the warning is for senders
so it just seems like they're headed in
a Direction now that they've
acknowledged the problem yeah they kind
of have to do something yeah and if they
do something they're done I wonder how
much
of like if I wonder how hard it would be
to deal with the processing of this for
Twitter oh man I don't read through
public threads anymore you can't yeah if
it's if it's a thread of like someone I
know I might click on it if it's not I
just don't if it's if it's very trending
I just don't click on it it's just full
of bums yeah click on my whatever yeah
top whatever percent yep yep and the
text will have absolutely nothing to do
with the imagery nope uh according to
meta this is not only to protect people
from seeing unwanted nudity but also to
protect them from scammers who use nude
images to catch fish user catfish users
into to sending them extortion material
yes uh that is very important and
honestly I agree how going to do that
this seems the intent seems great how's
it going to do that with
warnings so it warns the sender yeah it
warns the sender and it blurs the blurs
the imagery um basically they're putting
barriers in place for sexting I don't
think it's going to do the the also
protect them from scammers who use nude
images to catfish users it's not going
to do that at all if people wanted to
see that image they're just going to
turn the filter off sure that's fair
enough but I'm not I'm not saying the
goal is like bad or anything I just
that's that's not going to happen I'm
just saying look I'm just Twitter
roulette look at the comment section of
any trending tweet in
public I actually there's a bullet in
every chamber I have specifically opened
and then immediately reflexively been
like oh geez and closed Twitter before
because I was like I'm in public and I
can't really guarantee that what comes
up is going to be okay oh yeah 100%
nope anyway my point was just this
direction that they're in heading in
this goal seems admirable seems good um
the fact that they didn't weren't
working on already is the opposite of
all of that and now that they're doing
this I I just don't think people are
going to use it I mean it's no it's no
secret that people use the
least naned platform because that's what
they want to do yeah uh Avery Studios
and FL plane says they already warn
about violent content Etc if you said it
so this looks like an expansion of
something that they kind of already do
yeah content warnings uh Discord topic
sure Discord torches switch emulator ser
Services
servicers okay Ubisoft blocks Gamers
from ever reinstalling the crew again
Discord has shut down the servers for
suu suyu and sudachi both of which were
Forks of switch emulator Yuzu as well as
disabling the accounts of their lead
developers so that second part is
particularly
troubling yeah cuz their ability for for
the friends connections that they've
made so their ability to effectively
respawn or even continued communication
at all because verifying you were
probably Anonymous so verifying that you
were that person if your account is
fully disabled if you don't have any
secondary forms of communication could
be just genuinely impossible yep unless
you have some way to prove like look I
have this information that no one else
would have had or whatever that's don't
like that Discord has not commented on
why it went this far only that it's
following its typical procedure for dmca
takedown request yeah that
what is to Ben who whoever okay hold on
carry on however DMC takedowns usually
involve a notice being forwarded to the
group or individuals suspected of
posting violating content who have the
option to take the infringing content
down voluntarily or risk being sued
according to the developers
communication with Discord has been
vague and they received no prior
warnings or a copy of any takedown
request elsewhere in gaming Ubisoft is
now revoking digital licenses from
owners of the crew preventing them from
ever reinstalling it the game was
delisted in December with the
announcement that the servers would shut
down in April despite having a lot of
single single player content the game is
server dependent and players were hoping
to create and run fan servers following
the shutdown similar to how Wii U and
3DS fans have created a open-source uh
pretendo Network to maintain online
features following the shutdown of
servers earlier this week so there's
quite a lot to unpack here um pretendo
Network super cool there's no guarantee
that Nintendo won't Patch It Up out it
was based on an exploit that they were
kind of holding on to until Nintendo
shut everything down and maybe his you
know final patched out of these systems
and they were like haha okay we we were
kind of sitting on this ready to go
pretendo Network let's go um yeah given
how just sort of generally vengeful
Nintendo is I could see them investing
Dev time into completely dead Platforms
in order to just make darn good andure
you can't use anything without their
blessing but I guess we'll see what
scares me is the pretendo name because
it's close to Nintendo because I I I
read something about like how one of the
reasons why um so the the the Game Boy
the original game boy I might get some
of this wrong I apologize if I do the
original game boy would only launch
games if the Nintendo logo was displayed
at the beginning they had some way of
like pixel matching the Nintendo logo if
I remember correctly the logo was stored
locally on the actual Game Boy itself
and it would compare against what was on
the cartridge because if you made like a
uh non-official game or whatever the
only way to get it to launch was to have
the Nintendo logo on and if you put the
Nintendo logo on there they could go
after you if if you didn't have an
agreement in place brilliant so like
they they put you in a spot where they
could legally attack you if you made a
game that did work on Game
Boy wow so and that so that they've been
doing this for a while my point they're
experienced oh our things says wo after
dark uh just in case any of our live
viewers need to like go or something
should we uh hey there they
are nice should we take their should we
take their questions now and then get to
a couple more topics after even though
that's a little
uncustomary they got it from Sega oh I
don't know I don't yeah
hilarious
dude we oh oh jerky we were just
supposed to do it throughout the
show I got you
oh sick Savage jerky's back folks nice
perky jerky wait what is perky jerky
apparently it's not called Savage jerky
anymore wait it's still called Savage
jerky okay I'm so confused they have a
line of per perky jerky this says perky
jerky Savage Oh were they acquired by
perky jerky or something okay I actually
don't know two bold Brands stronger
together oh okay so they like mer cool
so some kind of m&a took place and now
uh Savage J and perky jerky are are two
strong Brands stronger together or
something nice as long as they still
have the the bacon bacon jerky then
sizzling bacon or sizzling Maple uncured
bacon jerky is that the one you used to
go for I don't know but I I I definitely
need to get my hands on some bacon jerky
here and then uh okay Dan are you uh are
you bringing someone down how many how
many live questions are we taking I
think there let's see I think we have uh
one two 3 four five oh Lordy okay why
don't we do those okay that would be
good Curtis Curtis their new branding is
actually really sharp could you please
bring them down a random comment but
yeah the bags look good
mhm yeah make guys
are okay they're on their way down
I'm so happy it's been a while AJ not
not Flo play AJ but AJ and Flo playing
chat said uh yudu is going to be amazing
for my Bard short prompts and I can just
create amazing songs for my D and D
character it's kind of a neat use for it
yeah hello I like that
one okay guys are here let's do that do
that I think you wrote some down right
uh right written down all right
welcome have this as well I'm sorry the
show is so long but realistically you
knew what you were getting yourself into
it's always a
song Let's go ahead all right yeah go
for it uh okay um so first off I just
wanted to say uh thank you uh
my excuse me my son and I are having a
great time oh good I'm glad to hear that
thanks um okay so I know that uh Luke
and lius are going to have very
different answers for this oh but uh
that's a challenge actually uh okay so
uh what is uh one bit of technology that
you would like to see added into or
removed from
Cars
ooh removed I think is pretty easy
especially in light of the recent news
that car manufacturers have been
monitoring our driving habits and
selling them to insurance or selling
them to data brokers who have been
selling them to insurance agencies I
think that the correct time to remove
that was yesterday and the next best
time is right now um added into though
as for added into honestly I can't think
of too many more things that I would
want I mean okay how Fantastical am I
allowed to get because I mean if I could
have a flying car obviously that would
be ideal let's go Vall um I would like
to have it be I think flying cars are a
terrible idea I would have to have it be
small enough that I don't have to like
register my flight path in order to just
Cruise no man collision avoidance we can
get Advanced enough collision avoidance
that it shouldn't be a problem we got
this if that's if that's the case I'm
super on board it's incredibly
inefficient and a terrible idea but yeah
let's go oh yeah super inefficient but I
mean we could have invented some new
engine and it doesn't matter anymore cuz
you have some battery thing that is
charged once for free and you never have
to charge it again who knows what I mean
yeah I mean while we're making things up
sure yeah and it smells like oranges and
I'd like that I'd be down okay hold on
but let's let's maybe have a let's maybe
have a real feature I mean it's one of
those things where the the automotive
industry is so mature at this point that
um I kind of feel like no matter how
stupid the idea is either a car
manufacturer has done it or The Simpsons
has done it uh what did what did they
call um Dan you would probably know this
what did they call Homer's car the Homer
oh yep well um that's great I don't know
where I pulled that from yeah anyway it
had like that it had like that space
spaceship bubble cockpit and stuff like
that if I could okay fine you know what
I'm going to pick something somewhat
reasonable how about windshield wipers
that don't wear out in like 3 months in
the Pacific North West how about that
there that's what I want how those like
Sonic ones work are they any good Sonic
windshield wipers well it must be really
fast and he's dead brutal killed from
the soul out I thought it was a thing I
swear it was a
thing maybe I'm using the wrong term
they did something where it wasn't
actually like a blade oh they had some
type of emitter wow I don't remember
what it was that sounds like the kind of
thing that Tesla would promise to
develop and then never do it might have
been like a concept thing or something I
don't remember it's been a long time um
I don't
know I have this like I've hoped for a
long time
um that we could get to the point where
you don't have to drive the car because
like yeah driving cars can be cool and
fun and stuff but the vast majority of
the time it's just incredibly boring and
a waste of time um
so that would be nice
but if I do anything in a car while
someone else is driving it I just get
car sick anyways so I don't know if
there's any point I don't know if I
actually really care so then what else
could there
be I don't know I feel like there's not
a ton left to be super desired okay is
part of the problem for you that people
are bad drivers though because I am not
a super motion sickness prone person
I can go out on a boat no problem little
dingy in the ocean no problem um I could
I literally will sit in the back of a
car and use my laptop for an hour two
hours at a time no problem but I swear
to you every single Uber driver in the
entire Greater Vancouver area is
determined to prevent me from doing that
by riding the accelerator almost as hard
as they ride the brakes yes so over and
over over and over and over and over and
over and over again how hard is it to
press the accelerator a little bit and
press the brake a little bit or better
yet press the accelerator even less and
then just hold it
there yeah so it it absolutely has to do
with the drivers and it is absolutely
pedal control specifically which I find
interesting cuz you actually drive
sometimes like a bit of a Madman but I
don't get sick when you're driving
because I think it's not the overall
speed and it's not like turning it's
just
the yeah so like well I'm married to my
wife so um I need to be pretty on top of
it yeah fair enough all my kids get car
sick too like there's one person on
staff actually um Jake that I've driven
in their I've I've I've been in their
car while they were driving um and I had
to get
out and I wasn't even on my phone my
father-in no um so it ranges actually un
usually most people as long as I just
don't read anything I'm fine I'll just
be like mildly uncomfortable but yeah so
if it was like really good at pedal
control maybe it's fine but I don't know
Bart the tech says is it that he drive
it's that he drives in a way that your
body expects the movement so it's not
jarring yeah and I don't expect people
to just do this like oh I need to slow
down I guess I need to slow down with
the whole brake pedal oh I need to speed
up I guess I need to speed up up with
the whole gas pedal like it's just oh my
goodness relax a little bit efficient
yes you should not be pressing the gas
pedal any further down than you
absolutely have to it it like obviously
it does not work like this the mixing is
nonlinear but think about this for a
second if you press down the pedal 3/4
of the way to get up to speed what how
much faster how much faster is that
happening versus if you press down a
quarter as much I promise you the amount
of gas like if you could if you had a
little live view okay if you had a
camera at the at the site where the fuel
was being injected into the cylinder and
you could watch how much of your liquid
money that you just poured into your gas
T too yeah that you were dumping into it
you'd go easy you know that's an
interesting idea I I wonder if you and I
have similar driving Styles because of
frugality Maybe I try to hyper mile
pretty often now that I drive an
electric car I'm way more easy about it
but I was like hardcore on I do not want
to be in a gear that is any higher than
I absolutely have to be I I will be
really annoying about like if the lights
red I'm not advancing towards
it I will generally slow down and if I
cannot stop oh yeah so I can just get
really slow 100% And then keep going
drivers behind you hate it here though I
don't know why I'm helping all of us
right now yeah I know I don't get it
yeah whatever I don't remember what the
question was but maybe that adequately
addressed it oh I think I think I might
have a feature actually based on
something that you just said that I kind
of like you know a a efficient car
driving promoter things in cars will
usually be when you're doing well it'll
like grow a tree or whatever right I
think I want the negativity version you
want a negativity version so every time
you stomp on your accelerator they
murder a squirrel like what do you
it it'll be like oh hey looks like you
like really pushed it there that cost
you this many extra
dollars and it's like when you get to
the end of the drive instead of being
like great job you saved the planet
every single time it'll be like hm that
was actually kind of rough you could
have saved six extra bucks this drive if
you didn't drive like that that was 9%
worse than your best yeah interesting so
gamify gamify your driving found way to
gamify another thing okay that's pretty
cool but like kind of like that yeah
with I think a focus on kind of uh oh
man the drawbacks of it being bad oh man
that'd be so cool like you rode your
brakes really hard this drive so you
could compete as long as they anonymized
the data and didn't sell it to anyone
which we know won't happen so yeah I I
know Dan I know laughing Dan let me live
in my fantasy Utopia no it's fun here no
yes um
how cool would it be if it compared you
to everyone else who drove the same
drive at the same time of day including
yourself and you could like go for the
high score yeah that'd be kind of neat
that'd be SI I I I I I like the idea
that instead of yeah I think that just
grow a tree thing like I never really
care that much um got them I I love
trees you heard here first yeah luk
plant more Luke hates trees.com Etc but
it's just like I I want I kind of want
it to I want feel the repercussions you
know and maybe it's like yeah that was
worth it I had to get someone to the
hospital or something I don't know but a
lot of the time it's like really I was
just totally on time driving somewhere
and just driving like a butt maybe it
should tell me that me driving like a
butt cost me x% more on my brakes that I
didn't need to cost me this much more on
my gas um yeah I don't know I think
that'd be interesting not everyone is
quite as financially motivated as you
though like if you told the average
person that they just wasted six cents
of fuel they'd be like eh you'd be like
shocking off I could have done better I
could have had one 5cent candy plus tax
for that six
cents yeah I don't know I would like it
though
personally does luk get underpaid no I
just
uh I don't enjoy spending money I don't
like the act of spending money I'll do
it but that's not the cool part I do
yeah will he does he though really does
he my birds have been at the vet for a
week o I'm spending some money yeah he's
spending money yeah how's wellie doing
actually I do have good news oh good
yeah so they did they did a blood draw
doing a blood draw on budgies is like
super sketch um how much how much blood
do they have exactly that's that's the
problem no but seriously like how many
milliliters of blood do they have I
don't know exactly but it's very small
there's there's the I like this quote uh
humans you know we're mostly made of
water Birds mostly made of air or at
least budgies so like there isn't a lot
there so it's really dangerous but the
vet was like yeah we we're not 100%
certain what's going on we need more
information um so they did it surviv
that that's good they detected that it
was probably something to do with liver
problems so they started giving uh
antibiotics specifically targeting the
liver to both Birds both Birds saw an
improvement um and it's at the point
that Wall-E which was the one that was
struggling is no longer in an incubator
as of today
and they're in the same cage again as of
today which is good cuz they're
extremely social animals they're still
monitoring them I'm really hoping I'm
going to get a call tomorrow that I can
pick them up one because I want my birds
back but then also cuz it's really
expensive fair enough yeah birds are
mostly air.com oh
my everyone that you said so far has
been turned into something and I'm like
trying to dissuade people not to do it
cuz I keep posting in flow playe chat
like we're not going to click on it it's
like we're to not click we're not going
to you could be harvesting our IPS or
doing whatever else someone might have
already oh my
goodness too late oh that's too
fast my goodness okay all right I think
we're ready for our next merch messenger
live thank you very much so much one of
the people that grabbed the last domain
they like name had devops in the name
they're just like this is what they do
like oh my goodness welcome thank you
and uh you're not going to click on it
but I already to click on Luke has no
clue and it redirects to LTT store.com
oh no so you don't have to do it I got
it at did two hours ago I don't know
what it does now for now it does don't
click on it don't click on it but thanks
also for having me it's been a great day
our pleasure uh my question is how do
you handle the pressure of being a
public figure in the tech industry while
still prioritizing your own well-being
and personal time that's a stupid
question I obviously don't no no you're
good you're good you're good
I don't at all well why not honestly
it's not the tech industry that's the
problem I don't work in the tech
industry that's a common misconception I
work in the media industry and I cover
Tech and uh being in the media industry
used to you work in the tech industry by
the way you're actually wrong okay fine
thank you Luke problem I also work in
the clothing industry but let's be real
here let me let me modify the tech and
clothing industry and media thank you
for that
so oh man the see but my problem is not
any part of the working in the tech
industry or the clothing industry for
that matter I actually really enjoy
those parts the parts that I find that
the most pressure comes from are is the
media industry and that's that's one
where I mean you know
we've it used to be a lot easier it used
to be that our biggest controversy was
hey we need to eat um so we have baked
in sponsor spots in our videos now um
whereas now it feels like that was a big
deal it's also yeah that that was hated
that for like years I think yeah we were
on the Leading Edge of that we weren't
the first to do it but we were pretty
early in terms of monetizing the content
outside of just AdSense who was first in
Tech right is that right I as far as I
know we were the first in Tech although
ironically no one cared when the entire
channel was funded by a computer
retailer
I never actually really thought about
that before but that's pretty funny well
no it's one of those things where people
people are so selectively outraged right
how dare you promote into compromise
your integrity by promoting Intel's win
a snowboard
competition for core i7 when you used to
be used to be what a Salesman at a
computer store this is a step
forward um and and we've worked hard to
maintain our independent voice over the
years but but that was something that
you know I guess was just it was jarring
for people and and sometimes it's not
about you know big picture how big of a
deal this is or how how much this is
actually compromising the Integrity of
the people or the content and it's more
just what do what are you used to um
what is the what is the flavor of the
week right and um I do find I you find
the the speed of the news cycle and the
speed of the outrage engine to be the
most exhausting part of this job um and
I mean I said it in the I'm thinking of
retiring stream um which maybe you've
watched or maybe you haven't there's
enough views on it that it's sort of
fair for me to assume that a lot of
people who watch the channel have seen
it at this point um but I said it then I
said it now I'm tired um the thing that
keeps me going now is the team uh we've
got a hundred people here who depend on
me getting up and getting out of bed in
the morning and uh you know being part
of this thing and helping drive it and
and being that sort of creative voice um
it's also the community I think that
what we're doing is incredibly important
and some of these things
are I think probably not properly
appreciated yet but I understand why
because we're not done yet they don't
see what I see yet for something like
the lab um they don't see necessarily
why we make the decisions that we do and
so you know for us another thing that
drives me is doing it anyway um whether
people uh see it and appreciate it or
not um by the way new article on the lab
sorry new article on the lab oh oh
really I haven't seen this yet yeah
sorry I have now officially become der
with some pretty significant design
changes based on user feedback well
let's check it out together shall we
yeah okay comparison bin welcome to the
beta blah blah blah blah blah blah we'd
love to hear your feedback so make sure
you do check that out at the top okay
latest here we go okay oh look at that
whoa whoa whoa we got new imagery we got
a watermark now that's pretty cool nice
that actually looks sharp oh hold on is
this what makes it expand or not expand
you know what not going to worry too
much about that right now but uh this is
uh I think I believe this has been
revised revised you while you were
scrolling with your fingers I think
you're actually clicking on the bars
because you don't have to click on the
actual symbol you can click anywhere on
the bar oh okay well very interesting uh
so this is something we talked about in
our meeting this week is like how are we
going to handle what's good and what's
bad over time and we'd love to we'd love
to develop a system where it's kind of
tag based and then we can Decay the
goodness of tags as the technology
changes for for now I think these are
going to be manual and you know these
are going to be a product of their time
rather than being um something that can
naturally or not naturally but can decay
in a controlled manner as our uh as our
standards you know for what constitutes
good 1440p performance evolve but this
is this is this looks great I think it
looks really good I think the feedback
that we got from the community was
genuinely very helpful so thank you for
that I genuinely strong L appreciate it
okay this is just a link to Luma field
so it's not the thing we talked about
yet that thing is not I don't think it's
here yet okay I'm not going to worry
about that thing yet so that's cool
we're not going to talk about the thing
spe boort design cuz we weren't sure
about the whatever whatever thing yep
yep yep yep yep yep don't even don't
even worry don't even trip uh is there
any other particular new thing that I
should be showing people oh wow this is
a ton of comparative data yeah so that's
pretty cool oh this is this highlight
new no oh okay never mind it's been
there uh in regards to things that are
different I mean there is some stuff
that are different like if before if you
uh loaded if you if you selected drop
downs for something that didn't exist it
just wouldn't like load anything now it
communicates that we didn't test that um
this is so cool this like interactive
chart thing I really like just like
playing with
it Matt Matt did a fantastic job um it
feels very nicely responsive yeah it's
great it's
great looks great I noticed you're in
light
mode I can address that yeah
boom oh well I don't know oh interesting
well that could maybe be fixed what oh
it said I was in dark mode already and
then I clicked it and clicked dark mode
and then it yeah was fine nice yeah dark
Mode's pretty looks really good anyway
prefer dark mode but I like dark mode on
The Labb site so I guess what I'm trying
to say is that I find coping
mechanisms find reasons to do it um the
people are great I I legitimately like
my colleagues which helps a lot um I
think if that wasn't true anymore I
would probably just quit yeah cuz that
was a huge motivating factor for me to
start the company was that I was tired
of working with people that I didn't
respect or didn't like um and for me
those are those are honestly they're
pretty hand
inhand um I also didn't like explaining
things that should be common sense to
people who were in charge of what I was
doing um especially when in many cases
and this is not true of every I don't
think I'm the smartest person in the
world but I think that we had some
people in positions of authority who
were
especially um not the best when it came
to making decisions and some of these
differences in opinion
um don't just boil down to like oh yeah
like I'm really smart and they're not
smart it's not that it's not that simple
but I just I I was tired of I was tired
of being the common sense police sure um
I hope that answers your question that
does thank you for your time and good
luck finding time for yourselves all
right now thank thank you for your time
you came all the way out here and you're
thanking me for my time appreciate you
all right next I guess yeah do it come
on in let's do it hey yo how you doing
good you excellent never better thank
you for having me I have a simple
question at least I think do you have
any plans on expending on the hat line
to include bucket hats bucket hats yeah
wow uh no we have no plans for bucket
hats I think you're you're you're saying
this like it's very out of the blue but
I think bucket hats are trendy right now
I no yeah I I
dude look at me you would never know do
I look yeah what would that's why I was
letting you know what would I know about
trendy that's why I was letting you know
what would you know about trendy not
much more if any you could fit
everything you know about trendy in a
bucket hat probably you you know you
might actually know more than me because
you talk to the people at cre a
warehouse more
often they would know they don't really
try to pitch me things based on trendy
though that's probably wise they
probably learned that over time they did
yeah they they try to pitch me stuff
based on like
what they think our audience will like
regardless of trend and we do we do hop
on Trends a little bit like one of the
trends that we've hopped on is that
people need functional workware that is
comfortable yeah and we have like a
lineup That essentially that we're
building around that something that I
appreciate a lot about the creative
Warehouse products in general is that
it's not really it's just good
stuff that you'd like to have we really
need to stop using the word merch
yeah one of the one of the tour
attendees um actually brought that up
during the tour today and obviously they
bought the 3D down jacket that's why
they're here they they won the contest
but they were like yeah no I don't buy
this stuff cuz like I like care
especially about necessarily the channel
or you know whatever like the Design's
cool I guess or whatever but I buy it
cuz it's really good I'm like yeah
that's exactly why you should buy
something I don't think the actual goal
have I ever asked someone to buy
something from us because it's from us
maybe but not in a lot of years and not
many times like I like this actually
sorry Conrad is proposing instead of
merch messages because we're trying to
get away from merch that we call them
good stuff
messages good stuff messages I mean The
Branding probably needs a little bit of
work what do you call the bonus bin uh
bonus bin that's what it's called isn't
it no what do Luke called oh Luke's name
for the bonus bin is terrible it's not
my name it's Conrad's name well it's
terrible I like that name what is it
come on tell me the fuss or the free
upsell shelf it's not an upsell it's
free you can't have a free upsell that's
not what an upsell is hey man I don't
make the rules
great any who um thank you for your
message or thing you
said sorry I just love a good bucket hat
that's fair that's fair yeah it's a good
one if we made a bucket hat it would be
great but we don't have any plans for a
bucket hat right now thank you thank you
all right Dan
all right oh we got another one come on
come on down all right merch messages
maybe they're a Quality quality product
questions instead of merch messages
maybe this one's probably pretty quick
for you I love my multip shirt nice can
I get one in
pink oh I think we actually did a I
think we actually did a prototype of
that uh when we did the oh what did we
ultimately release hold on a second the
gray one sometimes I can't remember the
products that we that we work on versus
the ones that actually make their way oh
man dude I should have shown you guys
the uh the microfiber t-shirt when we
were over there we have a we have a
t-shirt in like it's it's the yellow
like a microfiber cloth on the body and
then the sleeves are accented in that
like soft like baby blue blue and um and
it's like made of microfiber cloth like
you would have the cleanest phone you
and all your friends you'd have friends
coming up behind you they'd be rubbing
their phone on you for good luck or good
screen
visibility it's not very comfortable but
I think we're going to make it anyway as
someone with glasses that's not a bad
idea exactly that's what I'm talking
about anyway the point is I think we
actually did prototype that at some
points with glasses stores and I think
we were worried that it would lack
mainstream appeal I was into it we
definitely did a blue one I just can't
remember if we ever did a um if we ever
got past mockup for a multip shirt in
pink we released blue multip I don't
think we released it okay uh there was
like a manufacturing issue so they were
sold for like 20 bucks or something or
maybe even 10 oh there you go I love
that you know that I have one and I
bought my mom one for her birthday
they're nice shirts right I wish they I
wish it was more apparent what it looked
like in a photograph but they just
it's like it doesn't it doesn't look
like that yeah I mean it looks kind of
like that part now that we're zoomed in
it looks a bit better yeah it's it's
basically more visible it's cool and
people love it and we only have it in
white and gray yeah um and this is this
is such a good shirt
um I just need enough to be a cartoon
character and wear a different color of
the exact same outfit every day of the
week be like
L um I forget what the question was oh
yes the pink multip yeah sorry I don't
think there's any plans to expand the
the RGB shirt which is what we call it
now I think originally we just called it
multip which didn't mean a lot to a lot
of people um there I don't think there's
any plans to expand the RGB shirt lineup
right now I could be mistaken though
like maybe did we ever re did we ever
rerun those blue ones I I can't even
remember anymore we' have so many
products now like I can hardly keep
track of everything on our
store all right
okay Dan you want to hit us with another
yes come on D Are we almost at the end I
think we got two more fantastic a real
question what can I do for question okay
so the game industry triaa gaming has
recently produced a ton of flops what do
you think professional game studios are
going to do to like combat this or are
they just going to stay on the same path
they're going to wait for someone
younger and hungrier and more Innovative
to make a cool game on their own and
then they're going to buy them and then
they're going to screw it up and then
they're going to rinse and repeat nice
so they're kind of going to stay on the
same track but just a slightly different
Rhythm yeah I think we might be
witnessing somewhat of a turnover in
companies so like uh certain large
companies that are starting to flounder
I think we're going to see offshoot
companies which we there are a lot of
examples of uh starting to spawn up and
certain Indie companies that are hitting
very major success potentially turning
into the the Futures AAA companies
certain off off shoot companies forming
out of these larger companies
potentially turning into the Futures AAA
companies I think some companies are
going to figure it out I've noticed this
is largely a North American game
developer problem um some examples from
like Japan for example are not having
the same type of hit I do wish that I I
do wish that I could agree that we're
going to see these offshoots become the
large companies but I don't think
they'll get a chance to get that big
they get gobbled again yeah the because
the challenge is unless your name is
larryan
Studios or
arrowhead from
rockstar I can't think of many game
companies that can swing for the fences
because remember the question
specifically was AAA gaming I can't
think of many companies that have
managed this like Mark Rober Mr Beast
approach to developing video games where
they swing for the fences nail it on
every release and then can put their
head down for 3 to six years and make
the next absolute Grand Slam home run
game that keeps the engine turning so at
some point when you grow big enough and
you try to create triaa quality games
you collapse under your own weight and
companies like Microsoft and to a lesser
extent you know the EAS and ubis of the
world are going to have this unlimited
bucket of money that they can use to m&a
you and bring your talented developers
ironically some of which probably came
from you in the first place um on board
so that you can continue to do what
you're doing except probably with less
passion and ultimately burn out like
it's it it feels like it's in a really
destructive cycle right now and and this
ability of large organizations to just
buy anything they want is not helping I
I I do agree but I don't think
everything is is for sale now yes this
is because they're making those big hits
um but I I think we're seeing like
there's there's quotes from uh the CEOs
and other various people at at companies
like like larryan and like Arrowhead um
that are very resistant
to current AAA Norms if that makes sense
uh like on arrowhead's website
um this is this is so great fast Philly
says oh I love it I can't tell if this
is self-aware or not I think GTA 6 will
be a technological Marvel of
gaming but that at this point there's no
way it can live up to the
hype that's pretty good uh I it the
quote I was looking I hope it's
self-aware this is a quote on
arrowhead's website I I do not think
most current AAA Studios follow this
type of mentality um but a game made for
everyone is a game a for no one that's
hell divers um Arrowhead except as far
as I can tell body loves hellers smashed
it with hell divers and a lot of people
really really like that game but they
didn't design it with the design it for
everyone in mind right uh and that's not
really a mentality that you see a lot of
these giant Studios um bal's gate was
made for people you know that would
really enjoy this type of thing and it
it was just made so well that it hit a
much more mass Market I think that's the
same with hell divers I think that's the
same with something like Elden ring like
really looking at Elden ring success
would anyone have guessed that a game
that hard would resonate so well with so
many people no but it was a masterpiece
of a game so it did anyways
um I someone messaged on held divers now
uh that's great yeah I don't know I I
was a little depresso about it because I
was like games are dead the whole
industry is just dying and then over the
last few the last couple maybe years
it's been looking a lot brighter so I'm
not as worried about
anymore
yeah I think another big thing is that
the community as much as I dog on The
Gaming Community for like buying too
many microtransactions and stuff um but
they seem to be much more willing to
jump on and embrace games from non-aa
Studios fall guys guys Among Us uh what
is that game that looks like oh pal
world yeah looks like Pokemon um hell
balers Gate 3 there's there's so many
games that have SM Gate 3 is Triple
A I don't think technically is it maybe
it is I don't know how many years did
they work on it is that how you define
AAA um I think I don't think you can
call them a triple A you know what it
depends I guess how you define AAA I'm
defining AAA in terms of scope it's
ambitious whether cuz one person could
conceivably build a AAA quality game if
they had 25 to 30 lifetimes to work on
it or whatever like I like to me triaa
is is quality but I I could definitely
understand if other people viewed it as
more of
like um the dollars that were spent on
it but I mean in either case balers Gate
3 there's no way that that wasn't
extremely expensive to create yeah for
sure I just how do you actually Define
triaa well how do you f Define quadruple
okay balers Gate 3 had a budget of $100
million
heck
yeah is that accurate where'd you get
that from uh oh that doesn't sound
accurate no that's just a tweet yeah I
don't think that means
anything hold on uh hold on this is from
oh no this is just the Forum on laran
Studios look the point is I believe that
number it's an enormous game I I don't
um and in in talking to people that work
there uh a lot of people overestimate
how much how many resources they had
going into it a lot of people assumed
that they received like a ton of money
from Hasbro to make it when that was
just not the case
um it's yeah I don't know um it doesn't
look like they've disclosed publicly no
I don't think so because they are
independent I don't know if you want to
call them an indie but they are
independent yeah this medium article
just says no one called them a AAA
Studio before reviews came in for bg3
no one was calling them a AAA Studio
when bg3 beta was public no one was
calling them a AAA Studio at all these
other times
um but suddenly bg3 just smashes it out
of the park and now they're called the
tripa studio which if that's how you
become a trip Studio then yeah we saw it
we saw a developer go on the path that
I'm talking about was that ever a long
path yeah so I don't know cuz they they
had been making a lot of games before
bg3 a lot of people heard about them
with bg3 but they've been making games
for forever you want to know a fun one
do you remember
Magicka the weird game you could do like
uh you played a little spellcaster but a
lot of inputs would do different things
and like one of them was blue screen was
the was the input that your character
could do anyways I used to play it back
in the day I'm sure you've we've talked
about it and I'm sure you've played it
at one point um but Arrowhead made
Magicka the guys that made uh hell
divers made Magicka which I thought was
really
cool I'm pretty sure that's true let me
verify this real quick
yeah Magicka it's kind of neat I swear
I've never heard of this Luke I'm sure
you have I swear to you I have never
heard of this your memory is
questionable that's true it's apparently
from 13 years ago yeah or at least this
video about it is from 13 years ago wow
four player Adventure Mode that's cool
yeah and it's what like an RPG or
like uh would that be the right way to
call it maybe
crawler Adventure game sure yeah
something like that recent reviews mixed
yeah I was I wonder what that's about
I'm not
sure crashes all the time when played
online is the first negative review I
found PR to crashing crashing it's a
13-year-old game yeah maybe it's not
running well on Modern systems anymore
well that's a bummer cuz all reviews is
very positive yeah yeah that's a
bummer this was a this was an extremely
positively looked at game at the time
cool all right I think we're ready for
our next one thank you thank you so much
thank you thank you I think your last
one comes in last one all right
question uh so vote for Maga it's like a
great like single player together game
to play uh so not a real question here
necessarily Dan might like it um yudo LT
Christmas album no
no no wrong no and no all of you no
especially you no you know why it's a no
because we've got Dan and he can just
make one in house exactly no wait no no
you you've got enough audio from lus you
can just mix it up you only need like a
minute or two anyway that is not the
point it's not about how much you need
it's about how much you should have and
the answer is none got like 300 hours of
like uncompressed exactly Channel lus
you have the whole album and just review
it to him yeah exactly other could just
play constantly throughout his house and
it would always be different oh that'd
be a fun Channel super fun hijacking the
audio in L's
house I
think I think I fig
exposive oh God speaking of float plane
exclusives if you guys haven't checked
them out we've got a ton of really great
ones our North Korean gaming console
video is up in Early Access we don't we
don't TI typically do Early Access
necessarily on float plane anymore but
hey every once in a while these videos
do show up and this one is a
doozy uh We've also had a ton of great
exclusive Extended Cut From the lwig
collab uh we've got the uh h warning
adult themes extras from The Roasting
Craigslist and Facebook Marketplace
computer
listings uh this one was a little bit
popular with the float plane audience
got got that got that nice like dislike
ratio and then from last week the car
break-in prank reveals what happened at
the end of the April fools video man
we've had a ton of really good stuff
lately so make sure that you check it
out over at
lmg
floatplane all right I think that pretty
much wraps up our in-person merch
messages so Dan oh oh yeah okay never
mind uh so Dan how do you want to handle
this cuz we still have a couple topics
how much after dark online messages
there what what are we doing here what
what what's going on I ask myself that a
lot I think maybe go do some topics and
then if you want you guys can move into
after dark yourself you know what the
the light setting is you know we have
the oh you're leaving us well we can
either do some more topics oh no no okay
or I can go like have more time to get
set up if you're going to do some topics
and then go directly into when after
dark so we're doing super checks uh
exclusively streaming on float plane
Linus V Luke we're going to have a live
audience assuming they don't all go home
cuz it's late and I'm doing four cameras
I might need help from them this time
four cameras four cameras if I can get
them working one of them is freaking out
but four cameras Oh do you maybe want to
recruit your helpers to um get apple
boxes to prop up the thing meant to ask
how many do you want and what are the
sizes Etc um usually we use two full
apples on the game and then I need two
half apples to stand on because the game
is too tall for me if it's Luke
sized most things are it's funny because
even if the score is in favor of me he
always wins because I end up emasculated
it is
true we both win it's
good unless I lose the game as well oh
all right I'm gone doesn't happen see
you later Dan bad Xbox creates game
preservation Squad yeah let's do it we
got to do this Xbox has created are you
okay the camera's following
me I forgot that it was magic oh is that
one of those uh facial Meo ones or
whatever track who makes that one I
don't
know isn't it on it it's very
not I just want to look at you you can't
look at it closely without it like yeah
uh in insta link uh sorry insta 360 oh
okay okay okay yeah these things are
cool that's working great okay what was
I doing okay goodbye anyways Xbox has
created a new team dedicated to game
preservations according to leaked emails
from president Sarah Bond unlike many
video game preservation efforts which
focus on old games for previous
generations this team is apparently
focused on proactively preserving
current games and ensuring backwards
compatibility in future Hardware
actually super cool that's super cool
it's unclear how broad the team's scope
will be including whether it will cover
online only games that are dependent on
servers Sarah Bond likewise claimed in
emails that Microsoft is moving Full
Speed Ahead on the next console
generation discussion question is
thinking ahead and demanding backwards
compatibility the only way to ensure the
survival of our our favorite game what
an absolute Chad I don't know Sarah Bond
but I like her already super super cool
this is very very important know it's
not the only way to ensure the survival
of games um but but it's better than
nothing which is what we have right now
and I think taking a you know Forward
Thinking approach to it is just very
wise um because trying to do it after
the fact can be really messy it can be
impossible some cases Source code's just
lost and stuff assets are just lost
they're scattered yeah it can be really
wacky so doing it up up front is is
really good what is this topic are we
covering this topic I mean I thought it
was pretty interesting I don't know
anything about it AI doesn't understand
interracial love is okay but this is
this is meta specific is that correct
multiple AI image generators seem to
struggle to understand prompts asking
for mixed race couples especially Asian
men with white women according to a
report by The Verge this was first
discovered with Instagram's image
generator which would almost always
create two people of the same race when
asked for an interracial couple after
this was widely reported meta appears to
have blocked prompts with keywords like
Asian man though this was quietly
reversed after The Verge asked them
about it the Verge then replicated these
results with Dolly 3 and mid Journey for
all three generators it was possible to
create an image of a white man with an
Asian woman or a black man with a white
woman though this was inconsistent and
seem to depend on the phrasing black man
and white girlfriend wouldn't work but
white woman and black boyfriend would
when asked for an Asian man with a white
wife Dolly 3 and mid Journey repeatedly
created an Asian man next to an Asian
featured woman with blonde hair and at
least once a black man with a white
woman in Asian looking clothing Virg's
team was only able to get a
straightforward image of an Asian man
and white woman couple by using the
prompt Asian men and white woman
standing in a yard academic setting
while the attempted to test Gemini's
image generator Google still hasn't
reinstated its ability to create images
with human subjects which was removed
back in February following the racially
diverse 1940s German soldiers episode
which we talked about on a previous W
show the feature was supposed to return
in March but it's still not available at
this time so we've got some images for
this this is absolutely
mindbending uh so this
is Asian man and Caucasian woman couple
oh yeah Asian man with Caucasian wife
huh
okay sure uh what else we got
here I think these these Asian woman
with white husband
uhhuh
uh-huh it seems to depend on phrasing
and specific
keywords cuz these were you
know
interesting uh here's Dolly and mid
Journey fusing Asian white
features can you make me a photo of an
Asian man in a white woman
um maybe kind of sort
of uh what are the prompts for this one
I cuz these look like it might have
worked for some reason platonic seems to
work fine check this out and the keyword
academic this is weird is that weird I
wonder why well I mean it's it's how
these things are trained I mean
statistically speaking it has no trouble
generating the most common mixed race
couples but seems to just
completely
completely fall on its face when trying
to generate something that it hasn't
seen so how would that explain the uh
whatever it was
uh black man with white girlfriend or
and white girlfriend with black
boyfriend or whatever it was so that was
just a wording reverse it seems to me
that instead of and and look I don't I
don't work in AI development I don't
know how the black box works all I can
do is look at the output and take a
guess as to what's inside it it seems to
me that they are somewhat at least to a
degree
dependent on the entire image of their
sources if that makes sense as opposed
to being able to use the entire image of
a whole bunch of white women so you
think that's why there would be feature
blending as well I think that's why
there would be feature blending I think
that's why it would struggle to create
an image that it doesn't have a
fullframe reference for yeah that seems
like that's something that's very
solvable to be honest if that's the case
well I mean it's honestly only been like
a little while I know it's can they're
definitely going fast enough I think the
you would think is a we could we leave
we can leave him alone uh ai ai is
progressing quite quickly already um but
yeah I don't know that's it's an
interesting problem but I think it's
definitely a solvable problem which is
good yeah definitely it doesn't seem
it's not like hallucinating fingers or
doing anything like that it's just well
I mean I'm sure it also is actually
strategically check this out this is
great all the hands are
gone I didn't think about that that's
funny hold on there's do any of these
photos have hands yes
the uh The Meta AI ones yeah that's not
too
bad
uh yeah anyway yep I don't I don't know
I just thought it was pretty funny
because AI is funny yeah uh Android air
tags are finally on their way Google's
rolling out a major update and expansion
to the find my device Network which
includes Bluetooth proximity tracking
and compatibility with thirdparty
Bluetooth trackers so this is Android's
answer to Apple's air tags it also has
an unknown tracker alert feature which
tells tells user when a tells users when
a suspicious tracker appears to be
following them uh this update was
supposed to come out last year but was
delayed by the effort to make the
unknown tracker alert feature cross
compatible with Apple Air tags Google
apparently completed the work on their
end in around a month but Apple delayed
at first waiting on a production
implementation of the specification for
unwanted tracking alerts which became
available in December of
2023 um and then I guess they just took
a while to get to it uh the FCC is also
rolling out Broadband nutrition labels
this week the Broadband consumer labels
rule came into effect which require isps
to prominently display standardized
information labels designed to look like
nutrition labels on food whenever our
customer is signing up for a plan I
actually think the design is
phenomenally stupid but the idea behind
it that you can see what the name of the
plan is the length of the contract the
typical download and upload speeds
latency and link to potential bundle and
discount options is a really good thing
they must list the online month or they
must list the monthly price whether that
is an introductory rate how long it will
last and any additional fees whether one
time or monthly and they must include
data caps and charges for exceeding them
as well as links to their Network
management and privacy policies this is
pretty cool this is an example
of
good um regulation in my opinion they're
not actually making anybody do anything
this is very much open market all
they're requiring is that they
communicate in a straightforward manner
to potential customers so they can make
an informed Choice which is how an open
market needs to
work very cool and you know what else is
cool it's after dark time nice so am I
reading you things then I don't know you
can read yourself things
nope I refuse
actually um give me a
second would you would you just read out
loud to yourself you read read out loud
to someone
else I don't know where I'm going with
this uh
anyways why can't I there we go Mr lrer
I read out loud to myself all the time
oh oh we didn't do the HP suit for
alleged printer in Monopoly again well I
just broadcasted a merch message so all
right well then I will let do this one
and then go back to it I'll mark this as
something we'll we'll touch on next week
all right sounds good uh hello lldd how
can I uh get access to my
family the importance of how can I get
across the my brain is fun sometimes how
can I get across to my family the
importance of cyber security and
protecting their data on the internet um
who did the I don't think you
can can I say that word I don't know the
what some uh Late Night Show comedian
host guy John Oliver yeah maybe I don't
know John Oliver is abrasive it might
not have been him I think he's funny but
he's he's he's a a loud assertive
personality um which one is he the one
that got the the 911 veterans
their their lung cancer or whatever it
was money because if so he's it sounds
like the kind of Chat thing that John
Oliver would do but I'm not I'm not sure
if that was him that's pretty sick one
one of those guys did a did a thing
where to to convince people that was
John Stewart okay cool yeah he only
recently returned to TV actually he or
to to his to his show um sorry I'm
listening you been fun to talk to you
tonight um I've been all over the place
today I'm tired it's Friday it's okay we
we played tape to tape pretty late um
what was I going to say yeah one of them
did a thing where they were like would
you actually want uh man what was it it
was something about like data privacy
and companies being able to see your
files and stuff like that and it was
like do you want all your pictures of
your thing being shared with companies
and it's the same kind of sit situation
like maybe maybe come up with something
that would be horrible
for to lose or something that would be
horrible for someone else to be able to
have access to and like is it worth
risking this thing because this happens
and then give some examples of of uh
data loss that have happened because
it's totally a thing you can also put
together practical demos like generate a
little you know generate a little clip
of a um of a political figure they
admire doing something abhorent and be
like hey this is how easy it is to to to
be fooled you should really pay atten
that's the question but that is a very
good idea I was going somewhere with
this you need to pay careful attention
to you know what the actual from field
says in an email because there's a lot
of really
important there's a lot of
misinformation out there and if you are
not constantly Vigilant uh and the
reason I brought this up is because my
aunt actually showed me some of the
emails that I sent her that she's she's
smart enough to not click anything in
because they're suspicious but she
didn't understand how an email could say
from L of Sebastian and not be from me
and really good on her to not click that
is this is a huge problem that I see in
Apple's default mail client it doesn't
show the email address by default and
it's not even obvious where to click
there's no hyperlink you just have to
touch the name and it expands and it
shows it's from like XJ FMB at some some
gibberish
domain.com um and so just
even the fact that it knows that sending
her an email from Lina Sebastian makes
her more likely to click on it is
information that has been gathered about
her so the more you can do to put
together practical
demonstrations of how a lapse in cyber
security a lapse in vigilance can result
in devastating consequences I would say
the better yeah yeah good call um chat
says it was the John Oliver data broker
story and it was incredible says Maddie
L yeah yeah it's been a while so I
didn't remember but yeah anyways um next
up what did you guys look for oh sorry
what did you guys look at when picking
your shirt printer for the quality you
were looking for want to get some images
printed on the blank te's but want to
know what to look for um so you're
looking at the elasticity of the ink
when it's dried you want it to be thick
enough that you don't really see the
texture of the shirt too clearly but you
don't want it to be so that it'll be
prone to cracking uh using high quality
inks um but that's something you're only
going to know if you're talking to
someone with experience um how yeah how
can you tell like if you were picking a
shirt printer would they give you like
sample shirts from from like cuz this
person it sounds like they're doing very
low run maybe one or two then that's
tough you just have they just have any
on hand yeah previous work yeah okay but
that won't tell you how it's going to
look after 10 or 20 washes so your
mileage may vary that's fair all right
yeah okay
hey lld curious to know what you think
about the freshwater situation in BC I
want to relocate there in the near
future but I'm worried about the
potential Co crisis from drinking water
to electricity yeah um the lack of like
glaciers anymore thing is going to be a
big problem for Canada cost of Liv
increases like we can have we can have
all the water in the world um but if we
only have it for 9 months out of the
Year we're still all going to die in
that 3 months that we don't have any
water yeah kind of neat and we don't
have a lot like BC lacks a lot of
infrastructure to um I don't know what
term you would use this artificially
manually something to to to manage our
water yeah because we're like ah I just
have so it's just always there yeah we
don't need to do anything and then
suddenly it's not really there anymore
so we need to kind of retrofit our
Province to be able to retain water
better which is a little wacky um but
luckily there is a lot of tech already
out there in regards to cost of living
crisis um maybe don't move to BC got him
I don't know what to tell you but it's
just I think you do know what to tell
them it's rough here I think you just
told them that's fair I
did um I mean I'm not going to leave but
it can be challenging if if you if
there's some like great opportunity or
something like obviously yeah come here
it's it's it's a great P place to live
in regards to like the nature that
you're in and and all that type of stuff
but it can get viciously expensive this
is great pit boy says doesn't have
anything to do with glaciers drinking
water is snow on mountains this year
there wasn't much where do you think
glaciers come
from from Mommy and Daddy
glaciers sorry I'm I'm not meaning I'm
not meaning the te but um snow pack
becomes glaciers glaciers are started as
snow um so yes they are the things that
you said are are one and the
same broadcasting again what's up boys
will there ever come a day when w show
doesn't make sense to make weekly or say
the CEO says no more when from a
business uh
standpoint no when
forever got
him um next one hey dlll what do you
think about achievement hunting in games
is it ridiculous to go back and do all
the little things just to achieve 100%
completion are you just trying to get
different answers from the two of us
because I think we feel very differently
about
this I uh I don't get I I just don't get
the dopamine hit from an achievement
anymore I just don't care um for me I uh
I I think it's it's just that I I no
longer have the energy and attention to
to to grind at something if I'm not
having fun I will only yeah yeah think
for me it's it's like I actually I think
I only have two games on Steam ever that
I have 100% completed which I don't know
if that'll surprise you or not um
Assassin's Creed hold on hold on hold on
hold on Black
Flag no wait that's not on Steam yeah no
BS okay
FTL is that one yeah yeah okay hold on
you should know the other one I am
thinking get it I believe I'm thinking
slay the Spire
yeah man I'm um and is it is it like is
our relationship no fun anymore is there
any mystery left now that we can
just I think it's still fun um I I think
I think we do sometimes need like
outside things though we like some new
thing to talk about cuz it's like oh my
goodness there's there's too much I I
don't remember what it was the um what
video is that the guessing computer
prices video yeah there's a bunch of
comments where it's like all's just they
just like know what the other one's
doing all the time like yeah you get
used to it um funny thing is we don't
actually we will sometimes go six months
in a row without really interacting
outside of wow for real though yeah very
rarely that long but regularly we will
go a month without interacting outside
of wow and there have been periods where
it was that long yeah 100%
yeah I don't know it's just a thing but
um yeah I don't for me it's like if I
really like a
game but I'm starting to lose interest
but I like want to be interested in it
still it gives me another it's like an
alternative gameplay mechanic almost but
I almost feel like they've gotten too
hard to account for the no lifes that
are going to do it anyway like what I'm
going to go find every stupid Coro in
breath of the wild like I hate that type
of stuff though like I just I no the
slay the Spire ones I liked a lot and
the FTL ones I liked a lot because it
made you play in like a weird way okay
like are they figure out it's just a
tedious walk the entire map pixel by
pixel grind I just don't really I don't
really think I can do that uh Assassin's
Creed I actually hate the achievements
for Assassin's Creed for the most part
you you 100% one of
them uh I 100% the the
synchronization which was like basically
perfect execution of every Mission which
was not 100% of the achievements oh okay
because Assassin's Creed like Assassin's
Creed 1 had horrible achievements that
were based around like there's I don't
know these like glowing feathers there's
like a thousand of them go find them all
it's like dude I don't care at all this
doesn't this doesn't introduce a new way
of playing the game this doesn't change
anything it's just wander a lot um yeah
I don't know like there's other games to
play I think that's a big part of it is
now that there's other games to play and
so so so so so many um wandering around
just for the sake of getting a little
you know thing that pops up in the
bottom of the screen I'm sorry I just
can't be motivated for it I did get a
little bit more into achievements in
general during a kind of lull there near
the kind of beginning of covid midco
area where games were just trash CU I
was like well I'm going to do something
on my computer so I guess this thing I
don't know I'll go get that but in
general I don't like playing that way um
okay moving on
what was the worst SL most chaos
inducing deal lonus ever made during a
Wan show oh the one where I bought a
bunch of
GameStop yeah okay good call all right
next hold on and are there things he has
been banned from offering such as the
time he gave in international free
shipping
um H banned from offering I mean I've
been I've been told not to leak products
on wano anymore I think that's fairly
banned any any lonus ban is
um a guideline more than anything anyway
cuz like it's it's daring me to do it
again yeah kind of I don't know man I
look if I can't do this for fun why
would I even do
this like I've talked about this before
like I don't have to
so like let's have some fun Tech is this
this is supposed to be fun if it's not
fun then let's stop you know like no man
just you know we got to we got to do our
thing we got to do things yeah you to
play some super checks after this yeah
yeah let's do it dude I'm going to have
a hard time I'm so sore and I'm I'm I I
don't know what's going on something I
like thought this bottle was falling for
a second so I went to go catch it and it
wasn't falling and I'm having really
hard time with the dyslexia with reading
stuff I think I might be tired yeah
how's how's I think I'm buffering
because I'm going to lose so bad so I'm
trying to be like ah there's a lot of
things going on yeah how's being old and
not being able to stay up late anymore
yeah it kind of sucks a lot yeah I know
right uh hi lldd my recent project has
me uh upgrade my has had me upgrade my
Home Server there it goes uh I was
wondering why are the USB 3.2 Gen 2
adapters for 10 gig ethernet not
ubiquitous my motherboard has puny 1 gig
card which is my bottleneck now because
uh did you say 10 gig 10 gig chipsets
are still expensive yeah and it's
yeah cuz either you're going to have to
have so so okay so you either have to
have wider uh you either have to have
more Lanes on the highway right so then
you would need more conductors or you
have to have faster signaling and since
we haven't changed the RJ45 connector
in ex 30 years I was going to say I
don't think I like have known not
existing yeah I don't I don't I don't
know how many years it's been uh then
the signaling has to be faster for the
signaling to be faster you're going to
have to have more advanced um
transmission techniques you're going to
have to have faster decoding and
encoding on both ends it's just more
complicated and going from 10 megabit to
100 megabit to gigabit was pretty doable
going from gigabit to 10 gigabit turns
out it was really hard um they're
getting a lot cheaper they're getting
way cheaper than they used to be but
it's not the kind of thing that most
consumers are going to be expecting to
pay extra for in a stupid little dongle
and it's not the kind of thing that most
consumers need if you're the kind of
person who needs it then you know you
need it and realistically you need it
for some kind of professional purpose
probably because there's to my knowledge
no
reasonable average consumer application
for 10 gig networking um that you can
make your Nas faster that's about the
only thing that really Springs to mind
and even then most things are going to
do on that and the only reason you would
need it to be that fast like need it to
be that fast is if you have astronomical
amounts of data or if you're like video
editing off of the nas or something like
that and then we're kind of reaching the
kind of prer professional level again
here hey I love your old t-shirts but
the new ones have really large neck
openings is it just me or are they
designed that way uh I didn't know they
had large neck openings I didn't know
that either they seem like good siiz
neck openings to me same to me yeah
these aren't them I checked my own real
quick like I did too I looked at myself
in the
picture uh yeah I'm not
sure while exoc is mostly about the high
score have you seen it impact the
development of new products is amdel
NVIDIA paying attention to the wild exoc
achievements or is it too left field to
matter not going to lie exoc means a
what so far we've got Precision xoc that
EVGA over clocking software xoc tequila
Grill xoc uh lady xoc Amaya Queen
consort um exoc Pharmaceuticals I'm
sorry but I just actually have no idea
what you're talking about right now I'm
terribly sorry and I will try better
next
time um if that's true they probably
don't care um if it's just a benchmark
thing it's probably not that big of a
deal unless it's reported on really
heavily that's one way I would look at
it um or or if it's reported on in very
important
Arenas like if it's an Enterprise thing
if some Enterprise blog reports on it or
something it might be important um how
do you lld I'm an attorney and I've had
experiences where opposing Council can't
even edit a PDF I know your field is
much more Tech oriented but what are
some stories with some te deck
people extreme over clocking I guess
that's it what I've never seen extreme
overclocking maybe I just ignored the
acronym oh yeah I've I've never seen it
I yeah I okay uh I don't think they care
what was the question does this does
this dictate design decisions oh no yeah
not at all Heavens no there's there's
people at these companies that are super
into it and love it and think it's super
cool and um I think they live in the
basement
and they do
their Stu their science fair experiments
there and that's cool and um other than
a
like you know if one of the big wigs
happens to be in the building and walks
by and it's like that's probably about
the most acknowledgement that they're
going to get um is is the perception
that I have and I'm I could be mistaken
but I know I really don't think they
care
yeah um
some te Tech deaf people I don't know in
my life it's usually
fine I mean but I am I am surrounded by
tech people in general yeah I'm
generally surrounded by by tech people
too
um and maybe that's made me more patient
in the workplace like there's no way
that someone's going to be more of a
challenge than you know the first time I
tried to buy a computer for my grandpa
and took it and like he couldn't wrap
his head around horizontal movement
translating to Vertical movement on the
screen W I was just
like oh so we're not going to exchange
emails all right yeah there's a certain
level
um I don't know I honestly don't have a
very good example I think most people
have been very understanding and if they
are lacking some form of understanding
you can usually teach them fairly
quickly and it's fine wow buddy Michael
R bought two swipe plus P days ous
invoice getting his house out heck yeah
uh Luke mentioned some time ago that you
use a knowledge base for float plane
what do you use as your knowledge base
stack Overflow team or Confluence or
just raw documents uh none of the above
we use
bookstack um slash there's some stuff
you said float plane specifically so I'm
going to stick with bookstack but um we
use Peter hi Peter um I was Peter I was
wondering why there wasn't a Wan VOD
that's kind of funny um this doesn't
matter really to other people but I
don't know if you know this we rolled
out a new transcoding system I did not
know this yeah uh it's probably good
that you don't because that means it's
not going as bad as it could have which
is great it's going pretty good there's
been some problems but anytime you swap
out of a part of a system that's that
big there's going to be some problems I
think it's going great so far hi Peter
how's it going um
anyways yeah we use bookstack uh a lot
of the people use Google Docs it's cool
that's about it thank
you oh one of them just moved I don't
know what happened uh I don't know what
one is displaying because it jumped
right before I clicked the button but hi
dll I've been watching since 7th grade
2012 as you've grown and hired a diverse
team what has the been the biggest
culture
shock Zoomers oh okay actually I
actually don't really think so I don't
think there's been at all other than
slang right like
uh I you know you know what's funny is
age is actually one of the ways that our
company is the least diverse because if
you if you look at all your sort of
traditional ways that people are
different or whatever um the kind of the
kind of arbitrary lines that we draw our
age spread
is we're becoming the old people of the
company right and even we are in
our mid 30s still yeah I still get to
say mid at 37 I
think
borderline I think I think that's
allowable but yeah it's border 38 no 38
is late 30s almost 38 is almost 40 you
know what I'm probably late 30s let's go
with late 30s 37 I think you could argue
either way yeah but my birthday is
coming up so I'm definitely late I
changed my mind um yeah so like I'm old
at this company
and everyone at this company either grew
up connected right because that's one of
the big generational gaps right either
grew up connected
or worked in it or has worked in it
extensively to the point where like so
I'm like I'm thinking of Someone Like A
Gary or someone like a teren and these
guys are lifelong Gamers right like they
they are they have been immersed in the
culture for enough of their adult lives
that functionally I don't really see
them is as far as I can tell there's
like basically no one on the planet that
spends as much as their time doing like
it stuff as Shawn does yeah like all
these guys are just
like they're they're you know they age
is just a number um and and it is so
like given that we tend to attract
people who have this commonality of
being into T and into
gaming um the whole like spending time
doing it thing I think is a big deal
because I I find when you get
older you tend to do fewer different
things so like what your week might look
like might be very similar to the
previous week and the next week and you
just do the same thing all the time and
that kind of results in it feel like
time time is going very quickly and if
you don't touch tech for I don't know
like like pushing bleeding edge tech for
like six seven years and then you're
like oh I'm going to hobby get back into
this yeah it's probably going to be
really weird things will have changed a
lot people are wearing goggles now what
the heck is going on it's weird um but
if you are in it every day then whatever
it doesn't really
matter anyways archive
that broadcast when. dll great show
curious about your thoughts on the
YouTube UI change that shoves the
description and comments into a tiny
column and spams the rest of the page
with endless video recommendations uh
yeah I've seen quite a few complaints
about it I haven't uh had it served to
me yet uh it doesn't surprise me that
they're doing this it's all about
retention retention retention and for
some reason retention doesn't mean uh
you know making the comment section
better and engaging that way it means
watch more video watch more video watch
more video
um I I think
you know my opinion doesn't matter if
you don't like it then you don't like it
uh I haven't tried to use it yet uh as
someone who tends to kind of ignore
anything on a page that isn't the thing
that I'm looking for I probably won't
notice it that much but I I don't
necessarily agree with a lot of the
things that YouTube is doing as a
platform I wish they'd kind of keep
being YouTube but maybe that's just me
being a you know late 30 something fdy
duddy at this point I can't tell I've
been feeling actually very similar ways
when looking at it about the like am I
am I the one who is wrong kind of
situation cuz I look at I'm like this
looks messy and really chaotic but then
some people like watching a short that's
split in half and there's content on one
bit and a gameplay on the other bit it's
like so maybe maybe this is what the
kids want maybe I'm the one who's wrong
I don't know never mind nope they're the
one that's wrong screw off anyways um
greetings dll from the UK just catching
up I wait till he starts reading and
then I curate another one so cool just
catching up here I just tried Pia VPN it
cut my connection speed from 250
megabits per second to less than 70
megabits per second why does this happen
and Vary between VPN providers visiting
Calgary soon um what you're doing is no
longer going directly to the thing that
you're doing it with you're jumping
through you're hopping through a a uh
network of other servers um so depending
on where you're hopping it's going to
affect it you could try selecting
different servers on there see what
happens but using a VPN is generally not
something that you do for Speed yeah
it's not for performance and don't
forget that there's the encryption
element as well so you have to encrypt
and decrypt
yeah um figures you'd be out of the
bottle caps when mine breaks uh oh that
makes sense like these yeah we do have a
new one coming but it's going to be a
little bit are we restocking these at
all uh it's that but better oh that's
the new one that's coming but you said
it's going to be a bit so like how long
do you think we'll be out of stock of
these I don't know okay got it that's
more of a Nick question he's indisposed
that is oh yeah yeah that makes sense
I'll settle for a gift for my wife and a
question uh what's your top three co-op
games from childhood are they the same
as today much love man Co-op was far
less of a thing back then I mean a super
cool one that existed during my
childhood but that I didn't play as a
child child was uh Secret of Mana um are
you are you not including like teenager
as childhood where does childhood end I
I would say childhood ends at 11 or 12
11 or 12 okay yeah um yeah Co-op lost
Vikings for me okay yeah that's pretty
cool yeah lost Vikings and like it it
was kind of a weird form of Co-op but uh
was it Super Mario Bros you just kind of
like took turns out yeah that's cool
technically go up those would probably
people my I really enjoyed the first
Trine I was in my late teens like I was
probably 19 when that came out maybe 20
I don't know but trying super cool yeah
uh what else have we
got man there's a surprising number of
merch messages today what the heck
happened it was a pretty light merch
message night and then now it's like
wild that's when we start doing them uh
what games do you wish would be either
completely reimagined or remastered I'd
love to see the Prince of Persia Trilogy
remade I love Warrior within thanks for
the great merch
I
want
freelancer there freelancer super cool
ooh H
man that TIE fighter like Community
rebuild thing was super cool I didn't
end up playing it though it was kind of
there were some things that were not
working for me about it oh that would be
that'd be super cool I'd be super into
that
uh reimagined or REM mastered trying to
think back anything like the the Well's
kind of been sucked dry for a lot of ips
like if it had any Merit whatsoever it's
it's been it's been addressed yeah
Chrono Trigger is a good one from
kakaroto 5045 speaking of sness RPGs
have you even touched Final Fantasy 6
yes but all the gaming I've been doing
lately is either with you or it's been
making games not playing them but i'
I've touched it a little bit it works my
computer doesn't crash I haven't gotten
much further though cuz I'm trying to
like remember where I was so I loaded up
and then started like Googling things
figure out where where the heck I am and
what I'm doing um but I I'll play this
weekend for sure um for me there's an
obvious answer that you could guess
there's a less obvious answer because I
was like I got to find something that
isn't morind um I don't want morwin
reimagined at all um if they remastered
it I would hope that they just make it
look better like the Super Mario RPG one
where it's basically just yeah we like
remade it but modern yeah cuz I don't
want to have like a modern Quest log I
want the journal to stay the journal
that would never happen no I know so
it's not going to not going to be a
thing um another thing that won't be a
thing but a different answer that you
might not expect is Skull and
Bones really it just released I don't
want to remaster I want to reimagined
you did the whole thing wrong just start
over yeah trash the whole thing that you
have and make the thing that the entire
Community asked you for the entire time
you pivoted like six times long the way
you never needed to it was extremely
well communicated what everyone wanted
and then you didn't make that um you
failed try again please I don't think
they will I don't think they're making
any more quadruple games anytime soon
but uh
yeah there's potentials are we looking
through these um Aiden asked are there
some upcoming features or tools for your
Dev team that excite
you does the trans does the new
transcoding system count um that's very
exciting to me it's really cool it's
kubernetes based so it's like in our
whole thing uh and it's it's nice and
fast cool it did the they're just movies
podcast which was really long and it did
it in like I think it was like half an
hour or something pretty good and it's
that's every version so every resolution
that's the the thumbnail thing so you
can scrub the video all that type of
stuff okay it's cool uh toron a nvidia's
new SDR to HDR conversion thing is
pretty cool but it only runs on PC so
I'd like to see oh man they want
Community made up mastering for sdrt hdr
on a per movie basis I mean that sounds
super cool I don't know if it's entirely
realistic but I could see something like
that coming out in the future it would
be a colossal effort though I mean but
then there are things that have happened
that I never thought were possible like
the way that you can just download
subtitles for
things and they're just like they are
like Community open- Source subtitles
that's that's another sort of incredible
Community effort that has taken place
over the years that uh it's it's
shocking to me sometimes how obscure
title can be and just how perfectly and
flawlessly it works so shout out you
know people for just being motivated
[__] um Anonymous is
participating in a skills Canada
provincial robotics competition at the
traex in abbottsford next Wednesday and
says if anyone wants to come check it
out that'd be super cool that would be
super cool so there you go that's a
thing that's happening next Wednesday
nice um Anonymous says hello L
2D2 uh what processes and tools do you
use internally for product development
safe jira I'm a QA lead and we often
have to balance getting things done and
having a robust companywide
process maybe a short answer for this
one because we got to get upstairs at
some point I'm trying to think of a
shorter answer uh a lot of different
teams around the company use their own
things I'll say that largely it's it's
not like super scrum like individual
small units of people use their own
things but it's usually like uh what I
would Define as a developmental unit
within the company so like Labs uses
their own thing flow play uses their own
thing cre a warehouse uses their own
thing and it's it's good it
works okay there's that one I work for
an LMS for online classes and we're
looking for a video streaming platform
for our video content preferably
self-hosted free open source but what
happened to float plane as a
service on the business side we just
haven't
been motivated to develop and promote it
and build a business case for it I think
this is this is a a case of marketing
and sales dropping the ball and vision
dropping the ball and not the product
not being good the product is great we
just uh flow plane has a service
partially the like part of the code
exists we didn't like delete it we were
working on it for a while um we just
started prioritizing other things
yeah just like we're prioritizing
getting to the Afterparty you're going
to play some super checks we'll see you
float plane peeps over there and uh oh
how do we end the show I don't know how
to end the
show oh here comes Dan I can hear him
running that was really funny actually
that's hilarious I don't know how to end
the
show all right well we'll see you again
next week same bad time same bad Channel
someone in flow plane chat said I can
tell it's late because Luke is speaking
fast is that a
thing hold on you got to say the thing
bye
[Music]
you did
it that's what you get for trying to
improve your